sunny savita: Hey, hello everyone, I'm Audible.
sunny savita: Okay, guys, so, we'll start, within, 3 minutes.
sunny savita: let everyone join, okay? I'm putting a timer for, for the next 5 minutes, 5… 3 to 5 minutes.
sunny savita: We'll start the session, okay?
sunny savita: Yeah, good evening, good evening to all of you. I hope I am audible.
sunny savita: So, guys, I'm, putting a, like, a short timer, so that everyone can join.
sunny savita: And then, Dan only will it start. Thank you.
sunny savita: Okay, guys, so let's start with the class, or let's start with the session. I hope I am audible.
sunny savita: Yes.
sunny savita: Okay, great. So, how are you all? I hope everyone is doing, well, right? Everyone is doing good. And how was your day, guys?
sunny savita: Yeah, my week was also fine.
sunny savita: I had lots of work, so… Oh, great.
sunny savita: So guys, did you complete your assignment? I think I've given you one assignment in the previous class.
sunny savita: How many of you completed that assignment, the previous assignment?
sunny savita: I think, most of you, you completed, right? So I got, so many submissions,
sunny savita: I got, basically, I think, more than 50 submissions yesterday itself.
sunny savita: If you're not able to do that, don't worry, guys, you can take your time, you can complete that.
sunny savita: Okay, so there is no strict time for that, means you can take your time, you can complete that assignment, right?
sunny savita: Making sense to all of you, yes or no?
sunny savita: Great. Because the assignment would be available, assignment would be available over the GitHub repository itself, and you can take that assignment, and you can complete in your pace only.
sunny savita: Why I giving you the timeline? So that whoever is attending the live session on a regular basis, right? So, at least they can do that, and I can provide you the solution on a weekly basis.
sunny savita: Getting my point. So, first of all, let me show you, where you will get all the assignment and the resources. Guys,
sunny savita: once you will go and check with my GitHub, right? So, over here, over the GitHub, basically, I created a repository. Under this repository itself, you will get your… all the assignment and the resources, okay? So, this is the first assignment.
sunny savita: Now, everyone wants, everyone want this assignment solution, I think he's right. So, I will provide you the assignment solution on Monday, okay?
sunny savita: So, today, basically, I was going through with all the solution and all. So I was checking whoever has done the good job and whoever has completed that. So, I will provide you the solution by Monday itself, okay? And guys, I'm thinking to keep one mega challenge also.
sunny savita: So, month 3, basically, I will keep one mega challenge, right? In the mega challenge, basically, what we'll do, I will give you the, big assignment, and, there, basically, we'll keep some prize also, right? Prize in the sense, prize in the sense, basically, you might get some, extra access, you might get some extra course access, okay?
sunny savita: Or else, basically, you can get some gift from our end, okay, any watch, any… anything, basically, right?
sunny savita: a different, different kind of gifts and all, or even you can get the money prize also, right? So this, will, this, basically, I will introduce, maybe we, what I'm thinking, guys, month, on a monthly basis, I'm thinking. So let, couple of more topics complete, until fine-tuning, basically.
sunny savita: And after that, I will, I will announce that mega assignment. So is it a good idea? Tell me yes or no.
sunny savita: I think, is it a good idea? And it will keep you more engaging.
sunny savita: Right? It will keep you more engaging with all the, current work and all, and all the current project, right? So you can do the better. Now, tell me, guys, once, while you have completed this assignment, so how was your learning at that time?
sunny savita: When you completed this assignment, how was your learning? So, your learning was very good, right? You learned so many things. You understood how to collect the data, how to preprocess that, okay, how to perform the different kind of feature engineering over there, how to create a model.
sunny savita: Right? Even if you completed this assignment using the co-pilot itself, but you got a very good learning.
sunny savita: Yes or no? Agree or no, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. Right? So you learn a lot. So, like this only, basically, I'm going to provide you the assignment, and even I will keep the mega challenge also. So, this is the first thing.
sunny savita: Now, there are, like, some people, they have joined the first time, and I've seen in the group also. So, guys, if you're a new joinee, if you join this session first time, then what do you have to do? You just have to check out with us, second class, okay? Under the second class, basically, I provided you this notes, this, Notion notes, okay?
sunny savita: Just go over here and check out with all the commands, and all the links, basically, I provided you over here, okay? So you can visit the platform, you can visit this Kishnayak platform over here, you can check out with your courses, okay? Under the courses, basically, sorry, inside the course, basically, under the recording section, live classes recording section, you will get the… you will get all the recordings and all. Now, along the… along with that, here is a GitHub repository link, and here is one.
sunny savita: Google Sheet link, okay? Here is one, here is this Google Sheet link, okay? So just keep this GitHub with you. Here only, basically, you will get all the thing, all the resources and all.
sunny savita: And let me give you the quick walkthrough of the dashboard also. Guys, I will take one more minute for all the new joine, okay? Just one more minute.
sunny savita: So, what you have to do, guys? You just have to go with the Krishnayakacademy.com, okay? After that, what you will do, you will, go and check with the course section. Just click inside the course section, okay? For me, there are so many courses, because I have an admin access.
sunny savita: But for you, maybe 1 or 2 or 3 courses, in whatever courses, basically, you have enrolled, right? Now, after that, guys, what you will get. So…
sunny savita: Here, you will get your course dashboard, right? This is your course dashboard. Now, just click on it, just open it. After clicking on it, you will get this kind of interface, okay? This kind of interface, UI interface. So, there you will get two things. The first, basically, is going to be a prerequisite, okay, and the second is going to be a live session.
sunny savita: So inside this live session, you will get a recording of all the live classes.
sunny savita: Okay, even I took one doubt session also, here you can see. So, all the recordings and all everything is there. Now, along with that, all the prerequisites. Now, once you will go through with any of the video, let's say if you are going through with this video, so under the resource section, guys, you will get all the resources, okay? Now, just check out with this video. Under the resource section, you will get all the videos. Sorry, all the resources, right? If you will check out with the previous video, so under the resource section, basically, you will get all
sunny savita: All the resources, right?
sunny savita: Along with the resources, you will get the GitHub link also, so from here also, you can check out with the GitHub link.
sunny savita: Is it making sense? Notion-wise, I will not provide a Notion link, I will only provide in the live class, but that Notion PDF will be available inside the GitHub only. So, if you will check with the GitHub link, if you will check with any of the folder over here, so the respective Notion notes will be available over here, okay? The Notion link, I'm not going to provide you, anywhere.
sunny savita: the Notion PDF, whatever I'm writing over the Notion, right? So that I'm going to be converted into the PDF, and you will get that PDF under the respective class. Making sense to all of you? Yes or no?
sunny savita: Great. So, can we go ahead now? Can we start? I think everything is clear, and yeah, now let's begin.
sunny savita: Where is a notion here? C. Here is a notion. Class 2, notion nodes.
sunny savita: Okay? Now, if you will check out with the Class 3. So, Class 3 Notion Nodes.
sunny savita: Getting my point, guys? So, whatever I'm writing over the Blackboard, so that will be code with the handwritten notes. But what if I'm going to be writing anything over the Notion, anything I'm providing you via Notion? So, that will be code as a Notion notes. Are you able to differentiate between these handwritten notes and the Notion notes?
sunny savita: I clearly mention over here. So once you will check out with your GitHub, once you will check out with my GitHub, you will get it over there. Great?
sunny savita: Perfect. You can do that, Baiju, okay? There could be lots of suggestion and all. Baiju Mon is saying, sir, I have one suggestion. Instead of handwritten notes, can we go… can we get… no. You will get a handwritten notes if you wanted to generate any sort of a summary. If you want that, it could be fruitful. Do it by yourself, okay? Share with me, I will share with everyone.
sunny savita: Getting my point? Great.
sunny savita: Now, let's do one thing. Let's start with the previous topic. So, guys, where we were in the previous class, can anyone tell me?
sunny savita: Yes, for this particular project, use 3.11 only.
sunny savita: Tell me, guys, where we were inside the previous class. If you have joined my previous session, then I think you must know, we were talking about the word to back, okay? So this is all the, like, explanation about the word to bag, and tell me, guys, is this concept is clear to all of you, the word-to-back concept?
sunny savita: Now we are moving ahead, okay? Now we are moving with other techniques also. So, let me give you the quick overview from the previous class, a quick recap, and then I will start with today's session, okay? So, let's do one thing, let's take a quick recap from the previous class, okay?
sunny savita: So, just give me a moment, guys, I'm going to be writing everything over here itself, over the blackboard.
sunny savita: I hope my blackboard is visible.
sunny savita: Yes, for this project, basically, we are using… for this implementation, we are using 3.11, because certain library is not supporting 3.12, like GenSim and all.
sunny savita: So that's why we are using 3.11.
sunny savita: Right?
sunny savita: Now, guys, let's do one thing. Let's start with the quick revision, and then, I will come to today's topic, and I will come to today's agenda, right? So, in the previous class, guys, we were talking about the TF IDF, so we have clarified what is the TF IDF.
sunny savita: And I hope, guys, whatever example and all I have provided to all of you, with that the TF IDF was clear to all of you, right? So, what I will do, guys, I will take a straightforward session for next 20 to 25 minutes.
sunny savita: And after that only, I will look into the chat, okay? So if you have any sort of a doubt, you can ask me in the chat. Means after 25 minutes, sorry, after 20-25 minutes, I will take 5 minutes of break. You can ask any, doubt in the chat, okay? Even Yash is there in the backend, so if you're going to be asked anything, maybe Yash will also reply.
sunny savita: But in that case also, let's say your message is going to be missed, right? Let's say if I'm not able to reply, or maybe Yes is not able to reply for any of the messages, don't panic. Because after the live class, we'll go for the doubt session.
sunny savita: Okay? So you can ask any sort of a doubt in the live doubt session.
sunny savita: You can ask any sort of a doubt in the live doubt session, okay? And, even you can write in the committee chat, there also will reply. Making sense? Great.
sunny savita: So, what I'm going to do, guys, I'm going to be, write all the names. So, what we understood, we understood about the 1-0 coding, and I think that was pretty much clear.
sunny savita: Right? Then, guys, we understood about the bag of words, right? And I think bag of words is also pretty much clear, right? You understood what is a bag of words, and how does it work.
sunny savita: Then, in the next last class itself, we understood about the TF idea.
sunny savita: So, I think this topic is also clear. We understood about the TF IDF, how does it work, how we can perform the practical using this TF IDF. I think every part was clear, right? Then, guys, I started with the next topic, and the next topic, it was the World 2 Bank.
sunny savita: Right? Yes or no, guys. If you are attending my live session, then I think you must be aware about this particular topic. I started with a word to bag, okay? Now, guys, what I'll do…
sunny savita: Oh, just a sec.
sunny savita: Now, guys, what I'll do, I'll teach you a couple of more things related to the WorldTube bag, because in the last class, I just completed 50% of the thing in the… 50% of the thing related to this WorldTube bag, okay?
sunny savita: 50% part is remaining, and now we'll do the 50% of the part, right?
sunny savita: 50%, I already explained. I already discussed about the, I already discussed the fundamental and the, basically, thought process behind this bird to bag.
sunny savita: We understood about the, how to… we understand about the feature, right? In how many way, like, in, how, basically, in what all way, basically, we can represent the word, okay? What is the feature with respect to any word, the visual representation and all. Everything is there, right? If you don't know about it, you can go and check with the previous session. Now, in the 50%, we'll see the actual mechanism, of the word 2 back.
sunny savita: And we'll understand a couple of methods related to this word-to-back. So, there is two methods. The first method is called the CBO, and the second method is called the skipgram.
sunny savita: Second method is called the Escapegram. Now, why this topic is, why this topic is important? This topic is important because, this vertebag, basically, people might ask you in an interview.
sunny savita: People might ask you in an interview, and from the interview perspective, this particular question, this particular topic is important. Now, Abhishek Grabal is saying nothing was taught of Word2Bec in the last class. This is the… this is related to the word to back only. Abhishek Graba, please attend the session on a regular basis.
sunny savita: Okay? So all the fundamental and all, we have already discussed. Now, I will go behalf on that only. Getting my point? Great. So, this, particular topic is important for the interview perspective. And in the interview, guys, what, they can do, they can ask you, in the interview, basically, they can ask you the concept.
sunny savita: They can ask you the concept of the World 2 bag, okay?
sunny savita: they can ask you the concept of the Word2Bag. So what I'll do, guys, we'll go through with, rest of the 50%, like, the concept of the Word2Bag, and after that, what I'll do, guys, I will come to the practical part of it. Practical is also very, very important, so we'll understand how we can,
sunny savita: get the Word2 back, okay, using the Python code, and even I'll show you the custom training.
sunny savita: I'll show you the custom Word2Bag training.
sunny savita: So, you can train your own Word2Bec model, you can train You can train.
sunny savita: Yor.
sunny savita: You can train your own.
sunny savita: Over-to-back model.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: So this concept is important. Now, after that, guys, what I'll do…
sunny savita: So after this one, after completing this part, we'll come to the, we'll come to the state-of-art model, okay?
sunny savita: SOTA model.
sunny savita: Now, tell me, guys, this Sota model is depending on which architecture. Can anyone tell me in the chat?
sunny savita: Yes, I'll give you the quick summary, okay? Wait. So this SOTA model, basically, it is dependent on the transformer architecture.
sunny savita: transformer architecture, okay? So what I'll do, guys, I'll show you the practical, I'll show you, basically, how you can generate the embedding using the transformer-based model. So we are going to be use a Google-based model, we're going to use the OpenAI-based model.
sunny savita: Okay, we are going to check, the similarity search, we are going to be checking the keyword search, okay? The different, different method of the different, different method of the similarity search, the differences between the keyword search and the similar, the sentence, the similarity search, basically, between two vectors, right?
sunny savita: So everything I will show you in terms of practical. And after that, we'll move to the transformer.
sunny savita: After that, guys, we'll move to the transformer.
sunny savita: Okay? So I think, 3 to 4 class, I will take for the transformer. Again, this topic, is not directly required for the application perspective.
sunny savita: Right? But guys, this topic is required for the interview perspective.
sunny savita: This topic is required for what? This topic is required for the interview perspective, okay? In interview, they might ask you, the question related to the transformer, and even this topic is required for the LLM perspective.
sunny savita: So, if you want to understand the internal working of the LLM, at least, some, somewhat, right? At least, 50-60%, right? If you wanted to understand the internal working of the LLM, then guys, you should, understand the transformer.
sunny savita: At least, you should have knowledge of the transformer, okay?
sunny savita: Now, after that, guys, after that, guys, what we'll do… so, after completing this part, we'll look into the different, different architecture of the LLM. Okay, we'll go through with the Llama architecture.
sunny savita: Right? Which is designed for the text-to-text, which is designed for the text-to-text. Then we'll see a couple of more architecture, the multimodal LLM architecture. In multimodal LLM architecture, we'll understand how the image-to-text is being processed.
sunny savita: Okay? We'll take a high-level overview of it. We'll not deep dive into the mathematics, because we cannot decode the mathematics of it. It is very, like, difficult, okay? So, even that is not required. If we are understanding the working of the transformer on a mathematical level, that would be sufficient, because at the end, that particular concept is being used, right? So, we'll take a high-level overview of the LAMA architecture, the multimoda
sunny savita: LLM architecture, like image-to-text and text-to-image.
sunny savita: Okay?
sunny savita: text-to-image. We'll understand about the other architecture, like, video-to-text, text-to-video, audio to text, text-to-audio, okay? The different, different model is there. So that, those, all the model, actually, it comes under the multi-model LLM, okay? And after that, guys, we'll directly jump to the fine-tuning.
sunny savita: Right? So, after that only, we directly jump to the fine-tuning, and from here only, the real, okay, the real practical, and the real, basically.
sunny savita: industry-related work is going to be start, okay, from the fine-tuning. So, once we'll enter into the fine-tuning, we are going to be explored the different, different framework, like Hugging Face, we are going to be explore about the onslaught, okay?
sunny savita: And then, guys, on top of it, we are going to do the, several projects, okay? Different, different, like, implementation, practical implementation in the project.
sunny savita: So, this is the, like, the, future, basically, topics, right? And this is the, like, this is the, all the topics which we are going to be complete, within next, 8 to 10 classes, okay? So, it will take at least one and one, one to one and a half months. So, within that, guys, we are going to be set up our entire base, so we'll not, face much difficulty while we are going to be understanding the RAG, we are going to be understanding the agent.
sunny savita: we are going to be understanding the concept of the MCP, okay?
sunny savita: And then, guys, we can easily understand about the LLM ops, the project and all. So, making sense to all of you? Is this idea is clear? What we are going to be complete? When we are going to be complete.
sunny savita: Sorry, what we are going to be complete within 8 to 10 next classes, okay? In this particular flow, we are going. In this particular flow only, we are going, okay?
sunny savita: Now, let's start with the VirtuBank. So, what I explained you in my previous class, related to this VirtuBank. So, let me give you the quick summary about it.
sunny savita: And, after that, guys, I will come to the further explanation. So, if you will, go through, if you will go through with my notes, right, this blackboard notes.
sunny savita: So, I even uploaded inside the, like, even I uploaded those notes over the dashboard, you can download from there, or you can take directly from the GitHub, okay?
sunny savita: So this Word2Bag architecture, this was based… this Word2Bag concept, basically, it was based on the neural network, okay? So this Word2Bag, it was introduced in 2013 only by the Google. Even I've given you the research paper related to this Word2Bag.
sunny savita: You can definitely go and check, okay?
sunny savita: Now, what is the main idea, the agenda behind this word to back? To convert the data into the numbers, okay? To convert the data into the numbers. Or, we can say we are going to represent a word in terms of feature.
sunny savita: So that number basically is representing a feature, okay? So, here I've given you an example. So guys, I, explained to you about the neural network, how neural network works. I've given you the high-level overview of it, right? Here is the… here is all the, like, the concept related to the neural network.
sunny savita: And the neural network and all, it comes under the, prerequisite. So already we have given you the prerequisite session.
sunny savita: you can go and check over there, okay? You can understand about the neural network, how does it work, okay? Now, after that, guys, I explain you the complete analogy, the complete thought process behind this word to bag.
sunny savita: So, let's say we have a word. Okay, now this word, basically, we are going to be represent in terms of the feature, right? Like this. And here you can see, so this is what, guys? This is the, like, number, right? So…
sunny savita: we are giving some number to that, with respect to the particular feature, okay? And the number is nothing, it is a weight, actually, right? It is a weight. So, in the previous class, I explained you this thing manually, right? But, this thing is actually going to be, this thing actually is going to be done by the model only. So, our neural network model is, going to be generated this particular vector.
sunny savita: And, this vector is nothing, it is a collection of numbers, and each number is representing to a respective feature, okay? So that's the, like, overall idea behind the word to bag. If you don't know about it, you can check out with my previous session, right? Now, here is all the visualization and all. I shown you, means how to represent a word into the vector, okay, how we can check the closeness and all. So even I took this particular example, I kept the different, different words over there.
sunny savita: and I kept some number over here, and I've shown you the vector operations, right? So we have 3 vectors.
sunny savita: And if we are going to be, like, perform some arithmetic operation on top of the vector, that what result will come, and it's going to be equal to what? Okay, so this entire thing, we have already completed in the previous class. So if you are not familiar, if you are, basically, if you don't know about it, you can go and check with the previous class itself.
sunny savita: Now, guys, can you tell me, can we start, over here? Can we start with today's session? Yes. Means, the further implementation of the Word2Back. And I think, guys, my voice is clear, I can see over here, my voice is perfectly fine. If you have any issue, then please check from your end, okay?
sunny savita: Great, all clear.
sunny savita: Perfect.
sunny savita: everything is good. Great. So first, guys, what we'll do, I'll, keep… I will take a couple of examples, okay? You know about the vocabulary, guys, yes or no? Because here, also, we are going to be… create a vocabulary, okay?
sunny savita: the vocabulary will be important inside the Word2BAC also. So, guys, I hope you know about the vocabulary, this particular concept, I already discussed. Again, let me explain to you that. So, let's say if I'm going to write a sentence, my sentence is, I…
sunny savita: I… love AI, okay, and then I'm going to be right, and I love AI.
sunny savita: coding Right? I love coding.
sunny savita: Now, guys, tell me over here, if I'm going to be right like this, I love AI, and I…
sunny savita: I. love.
sunny savita: coding, okay? So if I wanted to create a vocabulary out of it, so how we can create it?
sunny savita: So we just have to check the unique words out of this particular sentence, okay? So let's check out the unique word out of this particular sentence. So here, what I'm going to do, I'm going to write a vocabulary, and vocabulary is nothing, it is just, unique words out of this particular sentence.
sunny savita: Or else I can write, or else I can write, it is a… Set of what?
sunny savita: Right?
sunny savita: It is what? It is a set of words. So how I can write? I can write like this. I, this is one. Then, what I can do, I can write love, okay? Then, I can write AI, this is, again, will be there inside the vocabulary. Then what I can do, guys, I can write over here, let's say, and…
sunny savita: Okay? Then again, should I write I over here? No. Okay? Should I write love over here? No. Love, again, will not write, because I already written that. Now, what I will do, I will write coding.
sunny savita: So, is this a vocabulary out of this particular sentence? Yes or no?
sunny savita: Yes, I hope this particular thing is clear, right? Now, let's say if I'm going to be, write one more example.
sunny savita: So, here I can write like this. Let's say I'm going to be right, Sunny, right? Sunny, Sunny?
sunny savita: Love.
sunny savita: AI, okay? Sunny loves AI, and here I'm going to write, let's say, Sunny.
sunny savita: Sunny.
sunny savita: love.
sunny savita: coding, okay? Let's take one more example.
sunny savita: And after that, I will come, the different example, okay? So this two things, the first thing is going to be vocabulary, and the second is going to be window size. These two things we need to understand before, this word too back, okay? So, I'm revising this, this vocabulary part. If I wanted to create a vocabulary out of, this particular sentence, then how I can create? So what is a vocabulary, guys? Vocabulary is nothing.
sunny savita: It is just a collection of the Unique words, okay?
sunny savita: U-N-I-Q-U-E, whatever, right? Whatever spelling is there, you can write that. Unique words, okay? Or you can say set of words. Now, here, what I will do, guys, I will write sunny. So, guys, see, this vocabulary, actually, it's a case sensitive, right? So, over here, you can see this as, actually, it's a cap.
sunny savita: Right? It's a capital letter. Now, here you will see, this cap… this S is nothing, it is a small letter.
sunny savita: Okay, so if I'm going to be create a vocabulary, then definitely we'll have to include both, because vocabulary, actually, it's a case-sensitive, right? So over here, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be right, love, right? So this is going to be my next, then I'm going to be write AI over here. Now, will I include Sunny?
sunny savita: Tell me, guys, yes or no. So if Sunny is having a small letter, right? If as is a small, then yes, I'm going to include Sunny again, right? Then what I will do, guys, I will write coding over here.
sunny savita: coding. Okay? Coding. So this vocabulary is nothing, it is a case-sensitive.
sunny savita: It is what, guys? It is a case, sense, see, tip. I hope this particular concept is also clear.
sunny savita: Understood, guys? Yes or no? Because Sunny, so let's say if I'm going to write Apple.
sunny savita: Apple.
sunny savita: And if I'm going to write apple, Okay, this both word.
sunny savita: will have to include inside the vocabulary, because vocabulary, basically, because vocabularies are case sensitive. Making sense to all of you? Yes or no?
sunny savita: No, case sensitive in all the cases, okay? Case sensitive in all the cases. You can check out that I already shown you the practical. Even you can check this thing over there as well, okay?
sunny savita: You will get this and this, both word over there. Apple and apple, both will be available inside the vocabulary, because vocabularies are case sensitive.
sunny savita: Fine, guys. Now, before starting with a word to bag, we'll have to understand one more concept.
sunny savita: the concept is going to be a window size, okay? Because whenever we are going to be create a data for the VirtuBag, for that specific training, for that specific model, so for that, guys, this window size matters a lot, okay? The same concept, basically, is being used inside the real practical. If you will go and check with the research paper of the VirtuBag.
sunny savita: You will get it over there, right? So, let me explain how the window size works.
sunny savita: So, I'm going to write one more sentence, and the next concept is going to be what? Window size. And after that, guys, I will come to the word to bag, okay? How the embedding is being created, how the embedding is being formed.
sunny savita: Does it become a sentence level always? Yes. On a sentence level, on a paragraph level, on every level, it's going to be created, right? So here, I'm going to write a window size.
sunny savita: So, let's understand, with one example. So, I'm going to write, one sentence over here. The sentence is going to be simple in the starting. Okay, I will take a small, small sentence, just to explain the concept. So, here I'm writing, I love.
sunny savita: deep.
sunny savita: I love… deep learning, okay? So let me write it, over here.
sunny savita: I love… Deep.
sunny savita: learning, right? This is a, like, very small sentence, a very basic sentence. So, what I'll do, guys, according to the window size, I'm going to prepare a data, right? So, let's say if I'm going to write Windows Size
sunny savita: If I'm going to be take the window size is equal to 1. So, how I will prepare a data, okay, for this window size 1. And let's say if I'm going to be take window size 2, window
sunny savita: Size 2.
sunny savita: window size is equal to 2, then how we are going to prepare our data, okay, for this window size. Window size could be anything. Window size could be 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. It could be any number, okay?
sunny savita: Now, why does it matter? So, let me explain you that also. So, guys, as I told you, we're talking about this
sunny savita: Word.
sunny savita: to back.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Now, this particular technique, it is based on the neural.
sunny savita: network.
sunny savita: Now, this neural network, actually, it's a…
sunny savita: mathematical model. Everyone agree? Yes or no? Tell me, guys.
sunny savita: This neural network is nothing. It is a… Mathematical model, yes?
sunny savita: Yes or no? Okay. Now, over here, guys, see?
sunny savita: To, to train this model.
sunny savita: To train this model, the neural network model, we required a data.
sunny savita: To train this model, we required a data, yes or no? Yes. To train this neural network model, we required a data. Now, if we're talking about the text.
sunny savita: Okay, if we're talking about the tags, if we're talking about the
sunny savita: natural language, right? If we're talking about the text, if we're talking about the Natural language, right?
sunny savita: So, guys, the natural language would be like this. Would be like what? Would be like this? See, I can write something over here, any random sentence or paragraph. Let's say I'm going to be right over here. I love India. Okay. I love my home.
sunny savita: Right?
sunny savita: I. Love.
sunny savita: Rain, right? So, this is a sentence. Now, tell me, guys, on top of this particular data, what kind of data it is, guys? Tell me, it is a text data. It is a natural language. This is a structured data, or this is a unstructured data.
sunny savita: Can anyone tell me what type of data it is? If we're talking about this data, it is a structured data, or it is a unstructured data. So, over here, guys, this data, actually, it is a
sunny savita: unstructured data.
sunny savita: this data, actually, it is a unstructured data, okay? Now, we have to train the model. We have to train the model. Which model we are going to train?
sunny savita: So, we are going to be trained this neural network, right? So, for training the neural network, we'll have to prepare our structure data, because here, if we're talking about the training, so we are going to perform a supervised learning.
sunny savita: we are going to perform a supervised learning. What kind of learning, guys? Supervised learning. And if we're talking about the supervised learning, if we're talking about this particular training.
sunny savita: Okay, if we're talking about the supervised learning, if we're talking about this particular learning, then guys, we should have X, and we should have Y. Now, what is this X and Y?
sunny savita: What is this X and Y? So, X is called the input feature.
sunny savita: And Y is called the output feature.
sunny savita: Making sense or not, guys? Tell me.
sunny savita: We required the label data, okay? We required the label data. So, I can repeat that. Word2Bec, basically, it is a neural network-based model. It is a mathematical model, okay? We have to train that model.
sunny savita: what kind of training we are going to do, we are going to perform the supervised training, and for that, we required our data.
sunny savita: But if we're talking about this text data, natural language data, okay, so it looks like this only, it looks like this only, right? So this is the unstructured data.
sunny savita: And for the supervised learning, basically, we'll have to prepare our data into the input and output form, into the input and output form. And to convert my data into this input and output form, we require that window size.
sunny savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Now, I will tell you, now I will tell you how to prepare a structured data, how to prepare a label data using that window size. So, till here, this entire story is clear to all of you? Yes or no?
sunny savita: Yes?
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Great. So, why we require the window size? To convert my natural data, the normal data, into the X and Y, okay? Now, over here, guys, you can see we have a, this is what? This is my sentence. This is what?
sunny savita: This is my sentence. Can I say this is my data? I'm just taking a small data as of now. I'm just taking a small text as of now.
sunny savita: Okay? Now, I have to prepare my data according to the window size. So, let's say I have a sentence, I have a data, the sentence is what? I love deep learning. So, if I'm keeping window size is equal to 1, so what does it mean? What does it mean? Let me tell you that. So, the definition of the window size
sunny savita: How many neighbors we have to consider.
sunny savita: how many neighbors we have to consider beside the word, right? So if you are going to be asked me a definition, Sunny, what is a definition of the window size? Let me tell you over here. The definition of the window size is going to be very, very simple. How…
sunny savita: How?
sunny savita: many.
sunny savita: How many?
sunny savita: Neighbors, N-E-I-G-H-B-O-U-R, right? How many neighbors We're going to consider We're going to consider… We're going to consider
sunny savita: Surround the world, okay? Surround…
sunny savita: the word, or around the world, surround the word, surrounding the word, whatever, right? So, how many neighbors we are going to consider surrounding the word, okay? Now, what does it mean?
sunny savita: What does it mean? Let me explain you that. Let me explain that. So, guys, if we are keeping… if we are keeping window size is equal to 1. So, window size equal to be… 1 means what? So, let's say this is a word, I.
sunny savita: So…
sunny savita: Here you can see this eye, right? So, to this eye, right? How many words is there? If we are taking window size is equal to 1, so left-hand side and right-hand side, how many words we need to consider? How many neighbors we need to consider? Left-hand side and right-hand side, how many neighbors we have to consider?
sunny savita: Tell me only one. So, right-hand side, we have one, and left-hand side, we don't have anything, so we'll keep it as it is, right? So, what we'll do, we'll write I over. So, what we'll write, we'll write love over here. Okay, love.
sunny savita: This is my love. Now, here is what? Here is my eye. Okay? This is fine.
sunny savita: Now, guys, see, if you will see this love, right?
sunny savita: So, surrounding this love, okay, right-hand side, left-hand side, how many words we need to consider?
sunny savita: Left-hand side and right-hand side, how many words we need to consider? 1-1 word, okay? So, one word.
sunny savita: and one word, right? One word, and one word. So what will become, guys? What it will become? It will become love, so this is my love. Let me write over here with the same color. At the end, everything is going to be clear. Just read with me for 2 more minutes, okay?
sunny savita: So, here is going to be what? Here is going to be love, right? Now, what I'll write over here, guys, I will write…
sunny savita: What I'll write, guys? I'll write I.
sunny savita: Okay, and what I'll do, I'll write deep over here.
sunny savita: Got… getting my point? Now, if you will look into this deep, just check with the deep. So, right-hand side and left-hand side, how many words we need to be considered? 11 word. So, one word, and one word, right? So, this deep, actually, how I can represent that? If I'm going to write this deep.
sunny savita: Deep. So, love would be there, love would be there, and learning would be there. Learning would be there.
sunny savita: Getting my point. Now, if you're talking about the learning, guys, see, this is my learning, this one. This is my learning, right?
sunny savita: So, around the learning, how many words we need to be considered? Right-hand side and left-hand side. Right-hand side, one word, left-hand side, one word. So, left-hand side, we have one. Right-hand side, we don't have anything. Okay, so we'll keep it as it is. So, if I'm talking about the learning, so how we can represent the learning?
sunny savita: How we can represent the learning, guys?
sunny savita: how we can represent the learning? So we can represent the learning like this. See, this is going to be a learning. So what I'll do, I'll write over here, deep.
sunny savita: Okay? I will write over here what? I'll write over here, deep.
sunny savita: Now, this is going to be what? This is going to be my context, guys.
sunny savita: This is going to be my contacts, and this is going to be my target.
sunny savita: target. Okay. This is going to be what? This is going to be my contacts, and this is going to be what? This is going to be my target.
sunny savita: Okay, so what we have done… what we have done, we have prepared our data for the neural network training.
sunny savita: We have prepared our data for the neural network training. So this is what… this is our input, guys. This is going to be what, this is going to be my input, and this is going to be what, this is going to be my output.
sunny savita: Making sense to all of you, yes or no?
sunny savita: Tell me, yes. So what is the meaning of the window size? Window size means how many words we need to be considered around to that word.
sunny savita: Okay? If window size is 1, so 1 word left side, 1 word 2 side. If window size is 2, 2 word left side, 2 word right side.
sunny savita: Let's take one more example. With that, your understanding will be clear, okay? So, we're talking about… okay, let me write the sentence again. Again, I'm going to be writing the same sentence, and then, again, I will explain you. So here, the next sentence is going to be, i.e.
sunny savita: No?
sunny savita: Deep learning.
sunny savita: Got it?
sunny savita: Great. Now, first of all, tell me, guys, how many of you, you understood the first example? Can you mention in the chat? If you understood, then you can raise yes inside the chat.
sunny savita: You got it, right? I think, I can see 99% people are able to understand.
sunny savita: If anyone is not able to get, don't worry, guys. Again, I will come to that. Again, I will explain that part, okay? I will take one more example, and definitely will understand that, okay? But guys, focused. Be focused over there, right? Be focused.
sunny savita: Because that is important.
sunny savita: Yes, you are right, Kaibu. If the window size is bigger, then the context will be bigger. Yes.
sunny savita: Sir, we understood, can we move towards a transformer concept? Then who will explain this word to back, huh? Dushinth?
sunny savita: Okay, so let's understand the window size, too. And then, guys, I will give you one more example, and then we'll understand the
sunny savita: Then we'll understand how this World 2 back is working. There is two methods, SIBO and this, this one is keepGram, okay?
sunny savita: So, we're talking about the window size 2. Now, tell me, guys, how many words we need to be considered around to this eye? Tell me, tell me, tell me fast, tell me fast, how many words we need to be considered around to this AI? Two words.
sunny savita: 1, 2…
sunny savita: Do we have any words over here? No, right? So we'll not consider. So this I, basically, this I is what? This I is nothing, it is my target, okay? Let me write over here, this I is nothing. So, one, I would be having target, okay, T-A-R.
sunny savita: Target.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: And the second is going to be context. The second is going to be word, the second is going to be context.
sunny savita: T-E-X-T, okay?
sunny savita: Target and what? Target the context. So what is my target, guys? Tell me, what is my target? My target is… I.
sunny savita: And what is my context? My context is this.
sunny savita: Love?
sunny savita: and deep.
sunny savita: What is the target, guys? The target is love and deep.
sunny savita: Now, tell me, guys, how many words are there surrounding to this love? How many… oh, sorry, how many, basically, what we'll consider surrounding to this love? If the window size is 2, we'll consider 22 words, right? So, love and deep.
sunny savita: and then I, and we don't have anything, right? So what I'll keep over here, so this love is going to be my target.
sunny savita: This love is going to be my target, okay? And…
sunny savita: what I'll write over here, I'll write deep, sorry, I'll write I, and I'll write deep.
sunny savita: And I will write, learning over here.
sunny savita: Understood. Now, we're talking about the next word, right? Let's take a next word. So, deep.
sunny savita: window size is equal to 2. How many watts around to this, deep?
sunny savita: learning, and this one. We don't have anything, right? And then love, and I. So this deep is going to be what, guys? This deep is going to be what? This deep is going to be my… let me write over here. What is this deep, guys? This deep is nothing, it's going to be my target word.
sunny savita: target word, and this I… I…
sunny savita: love, and learning. I, love, and learning is going to be what? It's going to be my context. Okay. Now, again, learning, guys. Learning. If we're talking about the learning, here is the learning, guys. See, focus, focus, focus over here. This one. This is a learning.
sunny savita: So, how many words? Two, two words. We don't have anything over here, so we'll not write, okay? Two words from here, love and deep, right? So, what I'll do, guys, I'll write over here, learning.
sunny savita: I'll write over here, learning, and then what I'll do, guys, I'll write over here, love and deep.
sunny savita: So this is the input, this context actually is going to be what? This context is going to be input, and this target basically what? The target is going to be output.
sunny savita: Making sense to all of you? So this is what I was trying to explain you. If we're talking about this word to back, so there we are going to be trained a neural network.
sunny savita: We are going to train the neural network on top of the text data, on top of the natural language data, on top of the unstructured data, and this is the data. Now, this particular data, I have to convert into the input and output, I have to convert into the context and target. Now, how we can do that? Using this window size, we can do that.
sunny savita: Making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no. And this window size, basically, it is a
sunny savita: hyperparameter. What is a window size? The window size, how to decide the window size? The window size, basically, it's going to be a hyperparameter. Now, over here, tell me, guys.
sunny savita: Over here, tell me, if the window size… if the window size is… sorry, if the window size is going to be as much as long, then definitely the context is also going to be increased.
sunny savita: Yes or no? Can you tell me that? So, first of all, let me tell you over here, this window size…
sunny savita: this window size, This window size is what?
sunny savita: This window size is nothing, it is a hyperparameter. Hyperparameter means what? Hyperparameter means…
sunny savita: Those parameters, which we cannot decide directly.
sunny savita: Right? Those parameters, which we cannot decide directly, it comes from the experiment.
sunny savita: It comes from where? It comes from the expiry Mint.
sunny savita: Okay? The parameter, hyperparameter, which we… hyperparameter as the… are those parameters, which we cannot decide directly. It comes from the experiment. So, what should be the value of the window size? It should be 5, it should be 10, it should be 15, it should be 20,
sunny savita: you will have to check that. You will have to perform the experiment related to this window size. Now, the one thing is very clear over here. The thing is basically, if the window size
sunny savita: If the window size… Is going to be increase
sunny savita: Then the context is also going to be increased. Yes or no, guys? Tell me.
sunny savita: The context is also going to be increased? Yes, definitely. So, yes, we can keep some bigger window size. But guys, tell me, we are going to be keep a very high window size, very, very high window size, so along with that, the noise also will be increased.
sunny savita: Tell me yes or no. If I'm going to be… keep a very, very high, very, very high window size, so definitely, definitely the noise is also going to be increased inside the data, so we have to decide this window size very carefully.
sunny savita: with all the experiment and all, we are going to be trained any word-to-back model. Noise means more… noise… noise means what? Noise… noise means too… too lengthy con… too lengthy context, okay?
sunny savita: to Landi context, that is a noise. Means unnecessary word, which is not required to the target word. Some of the word, basically, inside the context, which is not at all required for the target word. That is called the noise, okay?
sunny savita: That is called the entropy, that is called the noise over here. So tell me, guys, is this clear to all of you? The window size concept is clear? This was the important concept, okay?
sunny savita: Great. Now, let me explain you with one more example, and let's understand the meaning of the two term. If we're talking about the Virtu bag, guys, okay, if we're talking about the Virtu bag.
sunny savita: So, the two models we were having, the two kind of model they have introduced inside the research paper.
sunny savita: The first model was the… SIBO model.
sunny savita: Okay?
sunny savita: And the second model was the… Second model was the…
sunny savita: Escape Graham model. The second model name was the Escape Graham.
sunny savita: Okay, the first model was the SIBO model, and the second model was the schemeCram model, right? Now, this 2 model, actually, see, there is no differences, much differences inside this two technique.
sunny savita: Only on the data level, actually, we can differentiate, okay? Only on the data level only, we can make a difference between these two techniques, SIBO and the escape ground. Let me explain you that, how.
sunny savita: So, the first technique is called the SIBO, and the second technique is called the escape ground, okay? Now, how we can discriminate these two techniques?
sunny savita: Just a second, guys, can I… am I audible, right? Okay. Now, how we can dis… how we can make a discrimination between these two techniques, how we can make a difference between these two techniques, based on the data only, okay? Based…
sunny savita: Based on the data preparation.
sunny savita: Based on the data preparation only.
sunny savita: based on the data preparation only, we can make a difference is between these two techniques, right? Now, how does it possible? Let me tell you. So, the one thing is very clear over here, we're talking about the Word2Bag.
sunny savita: Okay, so here we have to train a model.
sunny savita: Here, we have to train a model. Now, which model we are going to be trained here? So here, guys, we are going to be trained a neural network.
sunny savita: Right? And for that, we'll have to prepare the data. This thing is, like, pretty much clear to all of you, right? We'll have to prepare that data. Okay? Now, let's say we have one more sentence. I'm going to write one more sentence over here. The sentence is going to be.
sunny savita: Follow.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Sunny.
sunny savita: follow Sunny, 4… 4.
sunny savita: Gen AI, right? This is the sentence. Now, let's see how we can prepare a data for the SIBO technique, and how we can prepare a data for the skip round technique.
sunny savita: Is it, like, making sense to all of you? The other, like, that, topic is clear, right?
sunny savita: Okay, everyone is able to understand that, right? Now, let's, let me explain that part.
sunny savita: So, guys, we're talking about the word to bag, okay? So, we can divide into the SIBO and the sibra, and this is the sentence.
sunny savita: Now, let's see how we can, now, why we have two techniques? Because in the research paper only, they have introduced two techniques, na?
sunny savita: What is a region? Ari Pradeepji, read the research paper at least, huh? They have introduced the two techniques over there. One was the SIBO, and one was the other was the skipgram. This Word2Bag is trained by the Google, not by me. I am not an owner of this Word2Bag, Pradeepji, okay?
sunny savita: Great. Now, over here, guys, see, this is my, like, sentence. Now, what I have to do, guys, I have to prepare a data for that. So, how many columns would be there inside the data? Can anyone tell me? I would be having two columns.
sunny savita: The first is going to be context, and second is going to be… target.
sunny savita: Okay? Second is going to be what? Target? So let's do one thing, let's solve it for the one window size. As of now, I'm just keeping a very small window size.
sunny savita: window.
sunny savita: Size is equal to 1.
sunny savita: Okay, window size is equal to what? Window size is equal to 1. Now, what is the… what is the full form of this CW? Sorry, I forgot to tell you. The full form of this CVAW is going to be…
sunny savita: continuous.
sunny savita: bag.
sunny savita: of… Word.
sunny savita: So this is the full form.
sunny savita: of the… this is the full form of what, this is the full form of the SIBO, okay? And keep gram, it would be as it is. Now, this… this in context is what? This context is going to be my input variable, input feature, and this target is going to be what? This target is going to be my output, okay?
sunny savita: Now, let's see what is going to be a context for the escape gram, and what is going to be a context for the SIBO. Okay, so here also I will write a context.
sunny savita: Let me write with the same color, okay? Let me write the same color. Context.
sunny savita: And then, here I'm going to write target.
sunny savita: Right? Here, I'm going to be right target. Now, here the context, this one. Context is going to be my input.
sunny savita: input to the model, and this target is going to be an output to the model. Making sense to all of you? Where we are getting break, you will get a break, okay? After 10 minutes, I'll give you the break, right? Now.
sunny savita: Sir, why your question is being escaped? Sundar, how many times should I tell you?
sunny savita: It is not possible to answer each and every question, right? If your question is being escaped, please ask me in a doubt session, okay? Great. Now, let's do one thing, let's prepare a data.
sunny savita: So, what I have? I have follow. So, for the window size one, how we can do it? How we can do it, guys? Quick, quick, quick, fast. So, this is my target. Follow is what? Follow is my target. So, I'll keep follow over here. I'll keep follow over here.
sunny savita: Okay, now what is going to be context for window size? 1.
sunny savita: Sunny is going to be context, okay? So this is going to be context.
sunny savita: Got it? Now, this is what? This is my… Target. Sunny is my target.
sunny savita: Now, what is going to be my context, guys? Tell me fast.
sunny savita: 4, and… follow. So, Sunny is my target.
sunny savita: And… Follow.
sunny savita: And 4 is going to be my context, okay? Now, here is what, here is the…
sunny savita: 4, right? Now, 4 is what? 4 is my target.
sunny savita: 4 is what? 4 is my target. Okay, so I'll keep 4 over here. And what is going to be my context, guys? Gen AI, Jen, and, this one, right? Gen and what? Jen and the Sunny. Okay, Gen and AI, I'm considering two different tokens, right? So, this, for the 4 guys.
sunny savita: For the four, Sunny and Jen.
sunny savita: Does Sunny?
sunny savita: And this gen is going to be my context, okay? Now, for the gen guys, we're talking about the gen. For the gen guys, what is going to be my context?
sunny savita: for an AI. Okay, so we're talking about the gen, this is my target word. Now, what is my context? For an AI is going to be my target word. Now, if we're talking about the AI, this AI, so what is going to be my target? So, AI is my target.
sunny savita: Now, Jen is my…
sunny savita: Jen is my context. So this is a data… this is a data for what? This is the data for the…
sunny savita: Siebel.
sunny savita: Which will pass to the… model.
sunny savita: which will pass to the model. Which model, guys? If we're talking about the model, to which model we are going to pass this particular data, we are going to pass this particular data to the neural network model.
sunny savita: Okay?
sunny savita: Understood. Everyone is clear with the SIBO, tell me yes or no. Again, this concept is clear, the window size concept. Okay, now let's prepare our data for the schemegram.
sunny savita: Now, let's prepare a data for what? For the ski crum, okay?
sunny savita: So, in Escapegram.
sunny savita: what we'll do, guys, we'll play the uno reverse. We'll play the uno reverse, right? Means, means the target is going to be a context, and the context is going to be a target.
sunny savita: What we'll do, guys?
sunny savita: understand again. For the escape gram, we'll play the reverse, okay? Reverse. So, this target will become context, and context will become target. Let me tell you over here what I'm saying. So, we're talking about this, escape gram. So, over here, what will happen, guys? See?
sunny savita: This context, okay? So, what is going to be a context? This follow is going to be a context.
sunny savita: Okay? And this sunny is going to be a target, right? Now here, this sunny is going to be a context.
sunny savita: And… Follow, and 4 is going to be a target.
sunny savita: follow, and 4 is going to be a target. Now, this 4 is going to be a context, okay, and this Sunny, and this gen, the gen is going to be a target. Okay, yes, kind of swiping, right? So, we'll play a uno reverse over here, we'll swipe the thing.
sunny savita: Now, here, this context. The gen is going to be a context, and this…
sunny savita: 4, and this AI is going to be a target. Now, this AI is going to be a context, and then this gen is going to be a target, okay? Now, this is what, guys, this is a escape gram data.
sunny savita: This is the data for the escape-gram technique.
sunny savita: Okay, now, on top of this data, we can train the neural network, right? Now, let me tell you the complete concept, okay? Why, basically, we are doing this thing.
sunny savita: Okay? So guys, the year was the… The ear was the… 2013.
sunny savita: Right? 2013.
sunny savita: Google, actually, Google has released one research paper. The research paper was this one. Let me explain, let me show you the research paper. Even I capped that research paper inside your, GitHub also. Just check out with the last class. See, this is the research paper, Word2Beck research paper, okay?
sunny savita: So, what Google have done, Google has released this particular research paper, Efficient Estimation of what representation in the vector space, okay? So, Google has released this.
sunny savita: Word to back research paper.
sunny savita: Now, inside this Word2Bank research paper, they have introduced two techniques.
sunny savita: The first beza, The first was the… SIBO technique.
sunny savita: And the second was the…
sunny savita: is keep a gram technique. Okay, guys? So I'm not going to be right this thing by myself.
sunny savita: I'm going to be right behalf on this Google research paper, right? They have introduced the two techniques. What was the difference between these two techniques? The difference between these two techniques was the data preparation.
sunny savita: data preparation.
sunny savita: Now, you will ask me, Sunny, data preparation was the difference? How it was the difference? Means, how we can make a diff… Make a, like, a difference based on the data preparation? Let me tell you now. So, this is the sentence. The sentence, basically, I love
sunny savita: Gen AI, okay? So, inside the SIBO, what they were doing.
sunny savita: If this is my target word, okay, so this target word, I have to predict. This target word, basically, I have to predict in the CVO, basically, what they were doing, you know? They are going to be predict the target word.
sunny savita: Okay? Based on the context, they are going to be predicting the target word. So, if we're talking about the SIBO now, so inside the SIBO, what they are doing?
sunny savita: Based… based on the… based on the
sunny savita: context, based on the context, they are going to predict the
sunny savita: Target what? The target word. This word. Let's say we are going to be select IE, okay? So, based on this particular context, we are going to predict this eye. This was the SIBO. Now, what was the skipgram? So, the escape gram, basically, this one, let me write over here, escape…
sunny savita: gram. So, inside the escape gram, what they were doing, you know, Based on the target.
sunny savita: Based on the target, let's say this is my target, this one, love, right? Based on this, they are going to be predict, they are going to be predict what? They are going to be predict the context.
sunny savita: They are going to be predict the context. So this is the difference between the SIBO technique and the escape ground technique. How we can make a… how we can make a discrimination between these two techniques based on the data level only.
sunny savita: For the SIBO, how the data will be prepared, I shown you, means whatever target we are going to be decide, whatever word we are going to be decide, that's going to be my output feature, and the surrounding data is going to be my input feature, okay? And inside the escape grind, we are going to swap it.
sunny savita: Right?
sunny savita: This is going to be my output feature.
sunny savita: means, sorry, this, context is going to be my output feature, and this will become my input feature. The word basically will become my input feature. You can clearly understand with this particular example, this one.
sunny savita: Making sense to all of you, tell me yes or no. So, based on this word, based on this word, we are going to be predict this context. Based on this word, we are going to be predict this context.
sunny savita: So, what is an interview question over here? The interview question is very, very simple. Whatever interview I have attended so far, I got a couple of questions over there. The first, and the very easy question.
sunny savita: What is World2Pack?
sunny savita: Will you able to explain this particular thing? What is Word2Bag?
sunny savita: Tell me yes or no.
sunny savita: It'll be yes. Can you explain that? Okay. Now, the second question, what is the differences between the SIBO and ISCIBGram?
sunny savita: Right?
sunny savita: Can you… will you be able to explain this to one now? If someone is going to be asking you what is a World 2BAC and what is a SIBO and a Skeep gram, right? So, as of now, so far, we understood tilde data preparation, but we didn't understand on a model level, okay? So, we understood till where? We understood tilde.
sunny savita: Data preparation.
sunny savita: Now we'll see… Where… how the model is being trained. Okay, now we'll see how the model being trained
sunny savita: How the model being trained?
sunny savita: Okay, and what is an actual embedding inside the model? Where you will get the actual embedding inside the model. Now, guys, with this thing, you're… all the concept is being… is going to be clear.
sunny savita: Okay? What is the full form of the escape gram? What is a full form of the sunny Uday?
sunny savita: What is the full form of uday? It's Udayh only. What is the full form of sunny? It's sunny, right? So, escape gram is not having any full form. Escapegram means escape gram,
sunny savita: What you will write, what full form you will write of this key grammar.
sunny savita: Okay, great. So, jokes apart, now let's focus over the concept. So, tell me, guys, how many of you understood this entire concept, the data preparation concept?
sunny savita: Yes. Now, where this data will be used, we need to understand that part, okay?
sunny savita: Great. So guys, can we take SIBO, and can we understand how the embedding is being generated?
sunny savita: Let's understand that part, okay?
sunny savita: Okay, so what I'm doing over here, I'm going to be writing the sentence again. Let me switch off my camera so that…
sunny savita: You can focus over the screen.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: So, again, I'm going to be writer-centest. And now, guys, this is going to be an entire crux of the Word2Bag. Now, focus over here. Ritesh is asking for the break. Ritesh, I will give you. So, Ritritesh, I will give you after 5 minutes, okay? Let me complete the concept. By sub-sub dinner karenge, even I will go for that.
sunny savita: But after 5 minutes, guys. Otherwise, we will not be able to complete this particular topic, right?
sunny savita: So, what I'm asking, guys,
sunny savita: Someone is saying, are you teaching for the first time? Dead slow. Alright, sir, please let me teach. Sir, okay, I will complete the concept, this is my promise.
sunny savita: But don't worry, okay? I will not delay in the course, I will complete all the concepts, whatever I mentioned, all the, like, chapters and all in a time itself, but let me teach, okay? Because this is the fundamental. I don't want to discuss this thing again and again throughout the course, right? Throughout the course, okay? Good.
sunny savita: So what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be right, over here one more example, and this is going to be a final one, right? After that, I'll complete the VirtubeBack example. So, what is the example? Just a second…
sunny savita: The example would be saved.
sunny savita: follow…
sunny savita: Sunny… 4… Gen AI.
sunny savita: Okay, now what I'll do, guys, here I will write. First, I'll write.
sunny savita: X, okay? X is what? X is my input, and Y is what, Y is my output, right?
sunny savita: Now, first, guys, first, I'm going to prepare a vocabulary out of this particular data.
sunny savita: Okay, how the word to bag is being… how to… how the word2Bag is working, now you will get, okay? Finally. So, what will be the vocabulary? The vocabulary is going to be…
sunny savita: I can write in a sequential order, okay? So the vocabulary is going to be, let's say, AI, right? AI, then the next is going to be what? AI, follow, okay?
sunny savita: Follow, then, 4…
sunny savita: then, basically Jan, and then Sunny, right? So this is the collection of the unique word. Now, what I will do, guys, over here, after that, guys, I have to generate the one hot encoded vector related to this, each and every words, okay? I will generate what? I will generate the one hot encoded vector.
sunny savita: So what is a one-hot encoder vector for the AI? What is a one-hot encoded vector for the AI? How I will write that? I'll write like this.
sunny savita: 0, 0, 0, 0.
sunny savita: Okay, now follow how I will write that, 01000, right?
sunny savita: Now, here, what I'll do, guys, 0001000, okay? Now, what I'll do for the gen, how I can represent the gen? 00010, okay? Now, how I will represent Sunny? 0, 0, 0, 1.
sunny savita: So this is what? This is the one hot encoded vector for each and every word, okay? Whatever is there inside the vocabulary. Let me write over here. This is for what? This is for the AI, this is for what? This is for the follow, okay? Now, this is for what? This is for the for. Now, this is for the gen.
sunny savita: And this is for what? This is for the Sunny.
sunny savita: Okay? Now, what I will do, guys, see, I'll prepare a data, okay? I will prepare a data, so I'm going to be following the SIBO technique, and I'm taking a window size is equal to 1.
sunny savita: So, window… Size…
sunny savita: is equal to what? Is equal to 1. Right? This is what, this is my window size. Now, what I'll do, I'll prepare a data. So, here is going to be my X.
sunny savita: This is going to be input.
sunny savita: And then, why? This is going to be what? This is going to be my output.
sunny savita: Okay, this is what, this is my input, and this is my output. Now, what I'll do, guys, I'll write a data. So, what I'll do, guys, so this is my… let's say this is my target word.
sunny savita: Okay, so this for, and AI is going to be what? It's going to be my context what, right? So what I'll do, guys, I'll write over here, follow.
sunny savita: And this AI… And 4 is going to be my input.
sunny savita: Now, if this 4 is my target word, then… Then, follow.
sunny savita: follow, and Jen is going to be what? Is going to be my context, right? If Jen is my target word, this gen.
sunny savita: Then… 4… and sunny.
sunny savita: Is going to be what? Is going to be mine.
sunny savita: Context, right? Input what. Now, tell me, guys, is this data clear to all of you?
sunny savita: This sentence is clear, this vocabulary is clear, this data is clear, this one-hot encoded vector is clear, right? Yeah, missing AI? It's fine. We can miss it, or else you can write that, okay? I just took, two to three lines over here. Yeah, what about AI, and what about Sunny? We can write that also.
sunny savita: Okay, we can write that also, okay? No worries.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: We don't have any worry about that, AI and all, we can write that also, okay? Can we consider window size too? Yes, we can consider that, but…
sunny savita: The explanation would be a little harder, right? If I'm going to be considered a bigger number, just to explain you over the blackboard now, so the explanation would be a bit harder, okay? Even I won't be able to write those much of things. So that's why I consider the window size one.
sunny savita: Now, how to feed this data into the model? How the training is going to be happened? Let's understand that, okay? Now, let's understand over the neural network side, over the training side, okay?
sunny savita: So, here is my neural network. So, what I'll do, guys, first, I will put the data, okay? First, I'll put the input. So, how many words we have on our input side? Let's consider this particular row, and let's understand the training using this particular row, okay? So, I have AI,
sunny savita: based on this AI, and 4, I have to predict what? I have to predict this sunny. Now, how this data will be feed to the neural network? Let me explain you that. So, this is what, this is my input layer, okay? I'm going to be design the input layer now, guys. Just focus. So, this is my input layer.
sunny savita: What is the size of the input layer? Can anyone tell me what is the size of the input layer? So, here, the size is going to be what? 5.
sunny savita: Okay? Sorry, we have, we are having two words now, and each word is being represented by the one-out encoded vector, right?
sunny savita: So here, the vector size would be 5, and we have how many words? We have 2 words. So this is my first word, and this is my second word.
sunny savita: Right? Now, what I'll do, guys, see, this is my vector. Now here, I will be passing my vector. So what I'm passing, guys, I'm passing AI. Okay, this is the AI.
sunny savita: And here is what? Here is 4.
sunny savita: 4, okay? This is my 4.
sunny savita: Now, what I'll do, I'll pass AI. So, what is a one-hot encoder for the AI? Just check over here, AI, this, 10001. Okay, sorry, 100. Okay, 1000.
sunny savita: Now, for the… what is a one-hot encoded vector for the 4?
sunny savita: So we're talking about the four guys, 001000. So, 0,
sunny savita: 0, 1, 0, 0. Is it clear to all of you guys? Tell me yes or no. So, this is my input vector, which is being passed to the input layer.
sunny savita: This is my input vector, which is being passed to the input layer, okay? Now, inside this, inside the network, we would be having one hidden layer, okay? So, let me design the hidden layer also. This is my hidden layer.
sunny savita: This is what? This is my hidden layer, okay?
sunny savita: 1… 2, right?
sunny savita: Then, guys, I would be having the output layer. Okay, so let me design the output layer also. Now, this is going to be what? This is going to be my output layer.
sunny savita: 1, 2, 3, 4. Okay, so this is what… this is my neural network, guys. This is what? This is my neural network. So this is my input layer.
sunny savita: This is my hidden layer.
sunny savita: And this is what? This is my output layer.
sunny savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me.
sunny savita: So, AI N4 is my input, and behaf on that, guys, what we are going to predict, can anyone tell me what we are going to be predict? Behav on this AI N4, we are going to be predict the follow, okay? So, what is my expected word? What is my expected word? My expected word
sunny savita: My expected what is going to be what? My expected what is going to be what? Tell me, guys.
sunny savita: My expected word is going to be what?
sunny savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me.
sunny savita: AI N4, right? So, follow is my expected war, okay?
sunny savita: So, follow… what is the sentence? AI follow.
sunny savita: Okay, fine guys, just a second. I think there is one thing which I need to correct. Wait, wait, wait, okay?
sunny savita: Let me remove this. Just a second, guys. One small correction.
sunny savita: One, one, one small correction only, okay? One small correction. Wait.
sunny savita: This is the vocabulary, till here everything is fine, okay? Based on the behalf of the vocabulary, I will create a 1 out encoded vector. Sorry, guys, I missed one thing, let me correct that particular thing.
sunny savita: I will take one minute only. Let me correct it. Actually, no.
sunny savita: I had to take the sentence, just a second. It's my mistake, sorry, guys. Okay, wait.
sunny savita: So… I need to consider this particular sentence, this one.
sunny savita: This one, okay. Actually, I consider the vocabulary now. I need to consider this sentence, right? Sorry for that.
sunny savita: So, what I can do, I can write like this, sunny, and… yeah.
sunny savita: Sunny?
sunny savita: Then, follow for.
sunny savita: Follow 4. Just a small correction, give me one minute, I'm going to be correct that, okay? Here would be, what, 4?
sunny savita: And then what? Sunny?
sunny savita: Actually, this data will be created now behalf on the sentence only, okay? Not behalf on the vocabulary, this particular data. One hot encoded vector will be created behalf on the vocabulary, okay?
sunny savita: So, Jan would be there.
sunny savita: then 4 and AI would be here, okay?
sunny savita: So this would be the actual data, actually.
sunny savita: This vector will be created behalf on the vocabulary.
sunny savita: But this data will be created based upon this text, okay? Great.
sunny savita: Now, what I'm doing is, I'm just going to be replace this AI and this 4,
sunny savita: with what? This follow, and with for, okay? So here is what, here is my…
sunny savita: Follow, and here is what? Here is my…
sunny savita: 4, okay? For low and 4. Now, what is my expected word, guys? The expected word is going to be sunny. So, over here, the expected word is sunny.
sunny savita: Now we have to predict that.
sunny savita: So, this is what, guys, this is the…
sunny savita: Word-to-back representation. This is what? This is the word-to-back representation.
sunny savita: R for D,
sunny savita: of the data, okay? Now, whatever embedding, whatever output I will get, whatever output I will get after this hidden layer.
sunny savita: whatever output I will be getting after this hidden layer.
sunny savita: So this is only… this is only going to be my embedding.
sunny savita: This is going to be my embedding. Related to which word? Related to this?
sunny savita: Sunnywood.
sunny savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me.
sunny savita: Yes?
sunny savita: Okay, let me correct this vector also. So, what is a follow? 01000? Guys, I'm going to be correct that, okay? And after that, again, I will explain you, don't worry.
sunny savita: So, here, what I can do… I can write like this.
sunny savita: Just a second, let me correct it, okay?
sunny savita: So, this is going to be 011001… 0, 0, 0, okay?
sunny savita: And here, 4 is going to be, what, 00110. So this is correct, I think. 4 is correct. 00110.
sunny savita: This is the overall representation. Now everything is fine.
sunny savita: So, tell me, guys, how many of you are able to understand the representation of the World 2 back, means how the embedding is being generated. Again, I will come to that. Again, I can explain you. But first of all, tell me how many people are able to understand, at least tell me in a percentage, then again, I will explain you this particular example.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Just 5 more minutes, guys, we can wrap up this particular concept.
sunny savita: Right?
sunny savita: And then I'll show you the practical.
sunny savita: Yes, I'll show you one more time. Means, I have to tell you a few more points, guys, okay?
sunny savita: Yeah, if you have any sort of a confusion, you will not get, okay? I will explain that.
sunny savita: Yeah, whatever changes was there, we'll come to that. Wait, okay?
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: So, guys, can we take a quick revision of this entire one? Can we take a quick revision of the entire one? Yes? Okay. Just focus for 2 more minutes. Just focus for 2 more minutes.
sunny savita: And, then, guys, I'll give you the break.
sunny savita: So, what was the ultimate goal, guys? The ultimate goal?
sunny savita: to convert, Word, into the… vector.
sunny savita: Okay? Now, how we are doing that? So, we are passing word.
sunny savita: Right? So, this particular thing, what into the vector, basically, we are going to do that using the neural network, right? But for that, we'll have to train the neural network. So, how we are going to be trained that? See, this is a way with that, actually, we are going to be trained. So, Google, actually, what Google has done.
sunny savita: So, Google, actually, Train one neural network.
sunny savita: And inside the neural network, you know how many hidden layers were there.
sunny savita: How many hidden layers were there?
sunny savita: So they took the neural network, they took the neural network with one, hidden layer.
sunny savita: One hidden layer.
sunny savita: So, do we have only one header layer inside? Do we have one header layer inside our network, yes or no?
sunny savita: Tell me yes, right? So whatever architecture is being trained by the Google.
sunny savita: Inside that, they were only having one hidden layer. That was the very simple architecture.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Simple architecture, and that architecture only is being followed till now.
sunny savita: means whatever neural network they took inside the neural network, we were just having one hidden layer. Making sense? Great.
sunny savita: So, let's revise that. Now, what is the embedding? How we will get the embedding? Okay, so that is a very important part. So, first, we will be having a data. This is what? This is my data. I took a very simple sentence.
sunny savita: This is my first prep.
sunny savita: To take a data.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: SD.
sunny savita: AP.
sunny savita: Guys, this, technique is a little confusing me. Sometime, in first go, actually, we cannot understand if you're learning it first time, okay? We will have to go through with this session again, maybe. So this is a step one.
sunny savita: In the step 2, what we do, in the step 2, we create a vocabulary.
sunny savita: Okay, this is the step 2. In the step 3, we create the one hot encoded vector.
sunny savita: Out of this vocabulary.
sunny savita: Out of this particular vocabulary.
sunny savita: Okay? Till here, everything is fine. It's tab 1, it's tab 2? It's tab 3. Clear?
sunny savita: Great.
sunny savita: Yes?
sunny savita: Yes or no?
sunny savita: Right? Great. Okay. Now, here, after that, what we do, guys, we create our input and output feature.
sunny savita: Now, this input and output feature we create based on this data.
sunny savita: This is what? This is my step for.
sunny savita: What we do, guys, we create this input and the output feature based on what? Based on this particular data.
sunny savita: So, this is my output.
sunny savita: This is my input, this is my output, this is my input, this is my output, this is my input. It is based on what? It is based on this window size.
sunny savita: It is based on what? It is based on the window size. Making sense to all of you, yes or no? Now, can anyone tell me it is a SIBO or it is a skipgram?
sunny savita: It is a SIBO, or it is a skibgram. It is a… SIBO technique.
sunny savita: Right? It is a SIBO technique, right? Now, this data we have to feed to the model. This is the model.
sunny savita: Okay? So here is my input layer, this is my input, guys, this is what, this is my input.
sunny savita: We should always showcase the neural network like this, huh? We can showcase like this also, okay? Goal, goal, goal, goal, goal, whatever, right? This one. This is the neurons, this is called the neurons, okay? So what will enter over here? This follow…
sunny savita: And this 4 will be ENTER.
sunny savita: Right? It is not going to be entered sequentially, it's going to be entered parallelly, right?
sunny savita: This data will come over here. Now, what will happen over here, guys, tell me. Here, we would be having weights, yes or no. Here, we would be having weights. Now, tell me, what is the size of this particular metrics?
sunny savita: 5?
sunny savita: Cross… What is the size of this particular matrix? 5 cross 3.
sunny savita: Okay? Now, what is the size of this particular matrix, guys? Tell me.
sunny savita: 3 cross 5.
sunny savita: This one.
sunny savita: 3 cross 5. Now, what is 3 over here? This 3 is a hidden one, this neuron, this dimension.
sunny savita: What is a 5? This one. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
sunny savita: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, okay? And this is 3. Now, this is 3. 3, this one. Okay? And this is what? This is 5.
sunny savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Now, what will happen? This network will be trained.
sunny savita: Forward propagation.
sunny savita: And?
sunny savita: Backward propagation.
sunny savita: Right?
sunny savita: Now, in this forward propagation, and inside this backward propagation, what happens? Can anyone tell me? Inside this forward propagation, inside the backward propagation, what happened? Can anyone tell me? Inside the forward propagation and forward propagation, the weight is going to be trained.
sunny savita: the weights… weight, R… going to be… align.
sunny savita: Okay, so we'll find out a best possible weight.
sunny savita: Best possible weight.
sunny savita: Yes or no?
sunny savita: So this best possible weight only is going to be my embedding vector. This best possible weight only is going to be my embedding vector.
sunny savita: This is only going to be my embedding vector.
sunny savita: Okay? Sir, why 5 cross 3 is an input? 5 cross 3 is not an input, actually, it is a complete metrics operation.
sunny savita: metrics operation.
sunny savita: Between what? Between? Weights?
sunny savita: and input.
sunny savita: Okay? It is a matrix operation between weights and input. Why 3 hidden layer? Why 3 neurons? Because it is mentioned inside the research paper.
sunny savita: Okay? Why 3? Because this is mentioned inside the research paper. Inside the research paper, basically, they have mentioned one hidden layer with
sunny savita: 3… neurons.
sunny savita: Okay? That's why I've given you the research paper. One hidden layer with three neurons.
sunny savita: Yes.
sunny savita: Now, tell me, guys, is it clear to all of you?
sunny savita: Yes or no? So, where will be the embedding? The embedding will be the output of this one. This one. This particular layer.
sunny savita: So this is going to be the embedding.
sunny savita: This is going to be embedding for which word? It is going to be for the sunny, okay? This is going to be embedding for the sunny word. Whatever output we'll be getting out of this particular layer.
sunny savita: Kill your guys, yes or no, tell me yes or no.
sunny savita: Yes?
sunny savita: Okay? So inside the initial example, basically, they capped it. Now, see, one more thing, guys, I will explain you.
sunny savita: We are having… see, what we are having, we have… we are having this 3, okay? We are getting this 3-dimension vector. But if we will talk of… if you will check, right, if you will check with the
sunny savita: Word-to-back model.
sunny savita: With the word-to-back model, and if you will give any sort of a word to that particular model, so you will get 300-dimension vector.
sunny savita: 300 dimension vector, right? So how it was possible, we'll discuss that. We'll come to that part.
sunny savita: Okay, we'll come to that particular part. After the break, basically, I'll take a few more points, we'll discuss pros and cons, and how, basically, the data is being passed to the neural network. We'll understand that, okay?
sunny savita: Now, if you don't know about the neural network, you can understand that, you can go and check with the prerequisite, there you will understand the working of the neural network, right? But guys, here I've shown you the complete overview mod, or complete overall model, how this virtual bag was working.
sunny savita: And I think more than this one, we no need to understand. We just need to understand the part, how the embedding is being generated.
sunny savita: Okay? How the embedding is being generated. That's it, guys, right?
sunny savita: So, fine, I hope this is clear, and whatever interview question they will ask you, basically, again, I will revise at the end, and we'll come for the practical, right? So, couple of more point is remaining. Let me highlight, sorry, let me write over here. So, first thing, basically, we'll understand how the data was being passed inside the escape gram.
sunny savita: We need to understand that also. We need to understand about the pros and cons.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: And we need to understand a couple of points, like how we were getting 3-dimension vector.
sunny savita: Right? How we were getting the three-dimension vector, and what is a feature, actually? Okay, and can we see these features? Can this feature will be visible or not? Actually, this… we cannot see this particular feature.
sunny savita: We cannot understand that vector is representing by which feature. We cannot, we cannot look into that, okay? Means, whatever vector we'll be getting now out of the model, we will not get what this number is representing, means which feature this number is representing. That is a black box, right? So, we'll, take a look onto this part.
sunny savita: Escapegram data, pros and cons, how the three-dimensional vector was being generated, we'll see in terms of practical also. Okay? So after the break, guys, I will show you the pre-trained model.
sunny savita: Google pre-trained model, okay? So we have a Google pre-trained model. We'll download that particular model, Google, pre-trained model.
sunny savita: And if time will permit, definitely, I'll come to the custom model also, right? We'll talk about the custom model, how to train that.
sunny savita: And then, guys, we can easily move to the transformer concept, right?
sunny savita: Fine, so tell me, guys, is this overall representation is clear, related to the word to back?
sunny savita: If yes, you can let me know in the chat.
sunny savita: And guys, no one is going to ask you more than that, we just need to understand this part. And even no one can explain to you that internal mathematics means no one can take one-to-one value and can solve it, okay? Just need to understand the high-level presentation of it, how the thing is working over here.
sunny savita: Great. So, fine, let's take a break, a quick dinner break, and after that, we'll, clear a few more things over here.
sunny savita: Related this work to buy. So, putting a timer, guys. Thank you.
sunny savita: Okay, see you after the break, guys. Thank you very much.
sunny savita: Okay, guys, can we restart the session?
sunny savita: If everyone is there, please let me know in the chat so that We can start again.
sunny savita: Okay, let's up again.
sunny savita: So, what I am, going to do now, guys, let's, do one thing, let's clarify a couple of more things.
sunny savita: Then directly we'll jump to the practical.
sunny savita: Got it? Give me a moment, wait.
sunny savita: Fine. So, guys, so far, actually, we understood about the…
sunny savita: we understood about what? We understood about the two technique, that was very important, and I think you performed the practical out of those techniques. The first was the…
sunny savita: bag of words.
sunny savita: And the second was the TF IDM.
sunny savita: So I'm going to ask you one question.
sunny savita: What was the dimension?
sunny savita: of the vector, Where I'm going to be generate any vector using this two techniques.
sunny savita: Talbi?
sunny savita: what will be the dimension of the vector? Dimension of what? Dimension of the vector, if I'm going to generate any vector, okay, if I'm going to be generate a vector using any of this technique.
sunny savita: The dimension is going to be equal to… vocabulary size.
sunny savita: Clear or not? Yes or no?
sunny savita: Clear or not, yes or no?
sunny savita: Yes? Either you can see dimension, or you can say number of feature.
sunny savita: Now, again, One more question.
sunny savita: Number of feature, FEA, number of feature.
sunny savita: Now, again, one more question.
sunny savita: What will be the dimension of this?
sunny savita: were too bad.
sunny savita: Tell me.
sunny savita: dimension of this vertube vector.
sunny savita: The dimension of the Voltubag vector is going to be… Hidden.
sunny savita: layer… Header layer size.
sunny savita: Now, in the Google official paper.
sunny savita: Sorry, in the Google official model, the pre-trained model, what's a hidden layer size?
sunny savita: 300.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: But guys, this actually…
sunny savita: Actually, actually, they also have tested with a different, different number.
sunny savita: This is the hyperparameter. Hyperparameter means, you know what?
sunny savita: This could be 3, this could be 10, this could be 100, this could be 300, this could be 500, this could be 1000.
sunny savita: This could be anything.
sunny savita: Making sense to all of you, yes or no?
sunny savita: Hidden layer size.
sunny savita: Okay? Window size is a hyperparameter, and hidden layer size also is a hyperparameter.
sunny savita: Clear?
sunny savita: These two differences is clear to all of you, yes or no?
sunny savita: It is very, very important. It is very, very important, guys, right?
sunny savita: Word to back, hidden, layer size, right? Now, tell me, guys, how many of you, you are facing difficulty while you are trying to understand the meaning of the embedding? Means, the output of the, the output of the hidden layer. Can we take a simple example, and can we understand with that, I think within, like, 10 minutes only.
sunny savita: Within 10 minutes, I can do that, and then, I will move to the practical, right? So, you know about the neural network, how the neural network works.
sunny savita: Okay, so guys, let's say this is the neural network, okay? I'm going to be designing a simple neural network.
sunny savita: I have 3 inputs over here.
sunny savita: I have two hidden neurons.
sunny savita: And this is my… 2… Output, okay, or 3 output, let's say.
sunny savita: Right?
sunny savita: Now, guys, see, what is happening? Let's say the input is coming. I'm just taking a hypothetical values, right? So, let's say the input is coming. Now, see how the thing is going to be connected to each other?
sunny savita: Like, sorry.
sunny savita: How the neurons is going to be connected to each other? Like this only, okay? I can explain you that. Wait.
sunny savita: So, like this, only the neurons is going to be connected to each other.
sunny savita: Now, how many… what will be the size of this particular, matrix, this one?
sunny savita: tell me how many weights and values will be there. So, 3 inputs, and 2 hidden, so 3 cross 2.
sunny savita: Can I represent like this?
sunny savita: So, in total, we would be having 6 numbers.
sunny savita: What will be the size of this weight matrix? 3 cross 2. 3 cross 2.
sunny savita: 3 cross 2, this would be the size of this particular matrix.
sunny savita: This is what, this is my weight metrics.
sunny savita: weight metrics would be here, Sergei, okay? Weight metrics. Now, see.
sunny savita: What is the size of this one? If I'm going to be, connected this one, like this, this one?
sunny savita: And this, this, this. What will be the size of it? 2 cross 3.
sunny savita: So the weight metric size is going to be what?
sunny savita: 2 cross 3, over here, okay? Inside the second. Now, see, what happens, actually? Let's say we are passing an input.
sunny savita: Okay, let's say if we are passing any input. This is my input vector.
sunny savita: It will go from here.
sunny savita: the matrix multiplications would be there, the vector and the matrix multiplication. This input vector is going to be multiplied with what? With the matrix.
sunny savita: Okay. After that, this will… this output will go from this particular… this output will go from this particular hidden layer, okay, the output, then it will be passed from there, then it will be passed again from this particular weight matrix, okay? Again, the multiplication all will be happened, and here I will be getting the predicted value.
sunny savita: predicted value.
sunny savita: Right? So let's say I have a predicted probability, something, something like this, right? Then I will be having the actual value over here. Actual value. So this is my actual value, right? So what I'll do, I'll find out a loss between it, loss.
sunny savita: then what I'll do, I will perform the back propagation.
sunny savita: what I will do, I will update this weight matrices.
sunny savita: Until… I will update this weight metrics until this loss is not going to be a minimum one.
sunny savita: Minimum one.
sunny savita: Minimum 1. Minimum 1, right? Now, this loss is going to be minimum 1 means what? This loss is going to be minimum 1 means…
sunny savita: weights… R… Optimize.
sunny savita: Miss… I have a… Best set of bait.
sunny savita: Best set of weight.
sunny savita: Right? Best set of it. The same thing is happening over here only now? By same TG ain ORI, same TG ain per B ORI.
sunny savita: The same thing is happening over here also. Making sense or not? Now you are able to understand. So we are performing a forward propagation, backward propagation. Now, where we will get that embedding? We'll get that embedding after this particular output.
sunny savita: So this is going to be my actual… this is going to be my actual output. Now, here, to explain you how many numbers of the hidden neurons I have considered, only 3.
sunny savita: But this is a hyperparameter, means it could be 300, it could be 500, it could be 1000, it could be any sort of a number.
sunny savita: making sense to all of you, yes or no? Is it clear now? So, to understand this, guys, I would suggest you go in the prerequisite, understand about the
sunny savita: neural network, okay? This is a bare minimum requirement, that's it.
sunny savita: Okay, Sachin Gupta is saying, not much clear. Sachinji, please understand, the neural network, okay? Because the, neural network, basically, I cannot explain with 11111 single value.
sunny savita: That would be very difficult for me in the generative AI badge, okay? For that, basically, you will have to look into the prerequisites so that at least you can look into the bare minimum, calculation inside the neural network, that's it, okay? Concept of the ANN, artificial neural network, okay?
sunny savita: Got it? Good.
sunny savita: So, now guys, let's do one thing. Let's understand about the pros and cons, okay? I'll come to the pros and cons, but first, let me show you some practical.
sunny savita: So, open your notebook, guys, do one thing.
sunny savita: Open your Rubio Score.
sunny savita: And let's perform some practical, okay?
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Sir. Yes, sir, Pankaj. The, what is the out-embedding?
sunny savita: embedding, basically, the value which is being passed from the hidden layer, means after the calculation, whatever value is being passed from the header layer. Okay, wait, I capped one example. If you want, I can show you after that, after this particular practical, okay? For your more understanding, guys, I have one more example. After this practical, I'll show to everyone.
sunny savita: But first of all, guys, let's do one practical, okay? So, have you opened your VS Code now?
sunny savita: Please open the VS Code.
sunny savita: So, inside the VS Code, create a folder, okay? It could be any name, I created with this particular name.
sunny savita: Now, here I'm going to create a file. My file name is going to be what? Classical Word Embedding. If you're not able to follow to me, don't worry, guys, you can, basically watch the recording, okay? Or, later on, you can perform this spectacle. First, let me explain you, like,
sunny savita: what is happening, how this thing is working, how to load the pre-trained model and all, okay? So, the file name is going to be Classical Word Embedding.
sunny savita: dot IPYNB. So today, guys, we'll understand about the pre-trained model.
sunny savita: So, and after that, guys, I'll show you the custom one. So first, I'll select the kernel. So, please select the kernel, the appropriate kernel.
sunny savita: And my notebook is ready.
sunny savita: Now, here what I'll do, guys, I will import… the required library, okay?
sunny savita: So I'm going to import the required library D, so…
sunny savita: I required the Gensim library, so here I'm going to be right from Gen Z.
sunny savita: dot models.
sunny savita: Okay, here I will import the Word2 back, and then I will import what?
sunny savita: I'll import from this, sorry.
sunny savita: I will import this Gensim.
sunny savita: Jensen?
sunny savita: Okay?
sunny savita: downloaddownloader as API. So there's two things I'm going to import.
sunny savita: So let me import one more thing over here. So, it is going to be keyed vector.
sunny savita: So, kid.
sunny savita: This is one more class over here, Keyed vector.
sunny savita: everything I will explain you guys, what is this and why we are doing it, right? So, this keyed vector, actually, it is going to be one more class over here.
sunny savita: Now, I will import both. So, see, guys, I'm able to import this Word2BAC, keyed vector, and API, okay? Now, what I'll do, guys, I will call this, load method, okay, API.load.
sunny savita: And here I will pass the name of the model, okay?
sunny savita: So I'm going to be past the name of the model. This is going to be a…
sunny savita: This is going to be a, this is going to be a pre-trained model from the Google. Now, what is the name of this model? The name of the model is going to be what?
sunny savita: There's what to buy Google News.
sunny savita: Okay, this one.
sunny savita: So, this is a model name. Now, what I'll do, I'll keep it inside the model. So, this is my model.
sunny savita: Now, guys, I'm loading a model, so first time it will take time, maybe it might take 10 to 15 minutes inside your system.
sunny savita: I already loaded, let's see, whether it's going to be loaded from the cache or directly from the API. So this particular model, actually, it is trained over the Google News data. You know about the Google News data?
sunny savita: Yes or no? So, this model, actually, it is trained.
sunny savita: this model.
sunny savita: is trained.
sunny savita: over the… Google News data, okay?
sunny savita: Now guys, over here, see…
sunny savita: What is the dimension of this model? The dimension the dimension of this model.
sunny savita: Number of neurons.
sunny savita: Number of neurons in hidden layer.
sunny savita: Equal to what, guys?
sunny savita: Equal to 300.
sunny savita: Okay?
sunny savita: So now let's do one thing. See, model is loaded, now let's do one thing. Let's try to, create some word into the vectors.
sunny savita: So I will take this model, and I will pass the word.
sunny savita: let's say I'm passing Sunny.
sunny savita: Okay? So what I will get, guys, I will be getting the number.
sunny savita: I will be getting what? I'll be getting a number, see?
sunny savita: This is what… this is a vector representation of my data. Sorry, this is a vector representation of my name.
sunny savita: Of this particular word, right? If you wanted to check the size, right? If you wanted to check the size of this particular vector, so what you will do, you will simply call the length of… and length on top of it.
sunny savita: See? So what is the length, guys? Tell me.
sunny savita: The length of this particular vector is going to be.
sunny savita: How much?
sunny savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me, fast, 300. Okay? You can convert any sort of a word into the numbers, right?
sunny savita: So, you will have to pass the single word only. If you are going to be passed the multiple words, or the sentence, let me pass another word over here. Let's say I'm passing the complete word, or the complete sentence, sunny, Savita, something like that, my full name. Let's see now, but I'll see. I'm getting an error.
sunny savita: So this particular word… this particular model actually is not built for the sentences or for the multiple words.
sunny savita: If you are going to be right like this.
sunny savita: If you're going to be right like this, I am Sunny.
sunny savita: Now, see, again, I'm getting a key error.
sunny savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
sunny savita: So, what is this value, guys? These are the…
sunny savita: vector, okay? This… actually, we have a pre-trained model. This is a Google model, pre-trained model, which we have loaded.
sunny savita: Now, using this particular model, actually, we are going to be convert our word into the vectors.
sunny savita: Okay? So this model, actually, it is already trained over where, over the Google News dataset. Whatever technique I have told you over the Blackboard, with the same technique, this model have been trained, right? So this is what, guys, this is the embedding. Actually, it is a…
sunny savita: Actually, it is what? It is an output of the… it is output of the hidden new… hidden layer. It is an output of what? It is output of the hidden layer. And this is only called the embedding. Making sense to all of you?
sunny savita: Right? Now, let's do one thing. Let's try to understand a few more things over here. Let's try to generate some more words.
sunny savita: So here, I'm going to be write model, and I'm passing some other word, let's say men, okay?
sunny savita: So, here, what I'll do, guys, I'll write a main, now C. Regarding this word, I'm getting a vector.
sunny savita: Am I getting a vector, guys?
sunny savita: I'm getting a vector, yes or no?
sunny savita: It's a float number. The weight, actually, it's going to be a float number, okay? That's why we… this, this, weights… these weights, actually, always are the float number, so always will get this number in the, decimal.
sunny savita: Understood. Okay? Now, over here, guys, what I'm doing, see, I'm calling the main, and I'm getting the vector related to this particular word. Now, what I'm doing, I'm going to be perform some operations, some different, different operations, right? So, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be calling some different, different method, and performing some different, different operation. So, here I'm writing model.
sunny savita: dotmost similar word. So I'm passing a men, and let's see what all most similar word over here.
sunny savita: So if I'm going to be checked with a man, so now, see, you will find out the most similar word related to this man.
sunny savita: So you are getting this woman, okay.
sunny savita: Forgetting this boy, teenager, teenage girl, girl, suspected person.
sunny savita: Okay, robber, robbery, suspected teenager man.
sunny savita: So, these are what, guys, these are some, these are what, guys, these are some most similar words inside this particular model.
sunny savita: Right? So this model, actually, it is trained, as I told you, this model, actually, it is trained over the Google News data.
sunny savita: Alright? So, whenever we're talking about the news, guys, so inside the news.
sunny savita: There could be some criminal-related news.
sunny savita: Okay? There could be some criminal-related news and all, so maybe that model is picking that particular part. When I'm, when I'm passing the man over here.
sunny savita: When I'm passing the man over here, inside the most similar word. Now, see, guys, it is picking that robber, robbery suspected, teenage, or the man is fine, man is perfect, boy is perfect, teenager, I don't think, right?
sunny savita: Girl, suspect… Girl, again, this should not be there, but yeah, it is giving to me. Okay, maybe model not that much accurate.
sunny savita: But guys, over here you can see some of the word are coming.
sunny savita: why these words are coming? So, there could be a region, there could be a region inside the data, maybe we had a criminal-related news or something like that. And then criminal news, actually, it is representing to the men.
sunny savita: Okay, and because of that, it is coming like this.
sunny savita: Making sense, guys? Yes or no?
sunny savita: Yes, first token means we just have to pass the word, actually, and automatically, the model will generate the, model will generate the embedding out of it, okay? So let's ask with respect to the different other words, so I'm taking this man, and I'm, writing over here, the cricket.
sunny savita: CRI.
sunny savita: CKET, okay? So now, guys, see, cricketing, cricketers, Test Cricket, 2020, cricket, cricketer 2020, West Indies Cricket. So this is, like, a little bit similar over here.
sunny savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
sunny savita: Tell me yes. So, how this model have been trained? How this model have been trained? I read the research paper, somehow, like, I read the research paper. Inside this research paper, they have mentioned this model, basically, they have trained with the skip-gram technique.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: They have trained this model with the escape ground technique.
sunny savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. Is it getting clear to all of you? So, they have two techniques. One is the SIBO technique, and another was the escape-gram technique. So, this particular model, they have trained with the skip-gram technique.
sunny savita: Okay? Because the data was huge over there. There, this escape grab technique works well. I will discuss that point. I kept inside my notes, right?
sunny savita: Now, guys, this model, actually, it is generating a word out of the, vec… sorry, this vector… this model actually is generating a vector out of the word, okay? Let's do some more operations over here, let's explore different, different other methods.
sunny savita: So what I'm doing is, I'm checking a similarity.
sunny savita: Okay, I'm checking a similarity between what, between the two words.
sunny savita: What I can do, guys? Tell me. Man?
sunny savita: And… Umar.
sunny savita: Right? So I'm checking a similarity between these two words. Now, let's see, guys, what kind of similarity I'm getting.
sunny savita: Okay, now let's see what kind of similarity score I'm getting over here. So, if I'm going to be executed, now see, there is around 76% of similarity.
sunny savita: Now, what kind of similarity method it is using in a backend? Well, I think it is using the cosine similarity method, right? Because I'm getting a normalized value.
sunny savita: So, model, similarity, men and women, so I'm getting 76% of similarity.
sunny savita: Now, over here, what I can do, I can check out the similarity again, let's say. I'm, check out the similarity between two more words.
sunny savita: I'm writing man in Python, right? So, if I'm writing man in Python, guys, now see, guys, the similarity is going to be less over here.
sunny savita: If I'm going to be right, men and men over here, men and men.
sunny savita: Okay? Men and men. Now, see the similarity. What is the similarity, guys?
sunny savita: The similarity is going to be 1.0.
sunny savita: Cosine similarity, I discussed in my previous class, you can check over there. Or again, I will discuss, maybe in tomorrow's session, with one more practical, where I will be teaching you the sentence embedding.
sunny savita: So, there also, I will discuss about that.
sunny savita: Got it?
sunny savita: Great. Now, let's say, ask with some other example. So, let's say I'm going to be asked right over here, what I can write, guys. Let's say I'm going to be right, happy.
sunny savita: And, here I'm going to write joy, okay? Now let's see the similarity. So here, what I'm getting, guys, I'm getting just 0.35% similarity.
sunny savita: So this model is having some methods, because I'm… I loaded this model using the Gensim.
sunny savita: And using this particular method, actually, I can directly check out the similarity between the two words, right?
sunny savita: Now, guys, can I check the similarity between these two, 2-1, Python and Java?
sunny savita: If I'm going to be executed, guys, see.
sunny savita: Python Java is not having any similarity. Okay.
sunny savita: Now, let's check out the similarity between the two more names. Let's say here I'm going to be right Sunny.
sunny savita: And here I'm going to write a Sunny.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Now, see, guys, the similarity is 100%. Now, let's say if I'm going to write sunny and sunny. Okay, this one.
sunny savita: Now, guys, tell me, what similarity I will be getting over here.
sunny savita: This one.
sunny savita: Now here, let's see what I'll be getting. I'm getting around 0.43 similarity. I'm just getting 43% similarity.
sunny savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no?
sunny savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, yes or no.
sunny savita: Okay? Try bullet and murder. You can try out those words, okay? I will give you this particular code, you can check out that. Because Sunny is having uppercase letter, and Sunny is having a different, the lowercase one. So model is detecting two different… as a two different word, right?
sunny savita: So for Sunny, there would be another vector, and for Sunny, there would be another vector, because there is a case sensitivity.
sunny savita: Right? Now, what I'm going to do, guys… yeah, this is our, like, issue with this particular modern Navya.
sunny savita: Right? This model, actually, it's not very accurate. It's an older one, from 2013 only. Now, this is having few more methods, so let's say I'm going to be right over here, doesn't match. Now, here I can again, give some sort of, sentences. Now, tell me, guys, which word is not matching?
sunny savita: From this entire context. Tell me, guys, fast.
sunny savita: PHP, Java, Doc, C++. Which one, guys? Tell me fast.
sunny savita: dog, right? So let's see what it is going to be generated.
sunny savita: It's saying dock.
sunny savita: So, Yaha pay model at Chai, right?
sunny savita: Here, the model is predicting good, huh? Now you are happy. Yes, sir, something is good over here.
sunny savita: Okay, let's try out with a different now. So, here what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be check out with this particular example.
sunny savita: So, in the previous class, I showed you this one.
sunny savita: King minus men plus women.
sunny savita: Right? So, can we check out… okay, let's generate this vector first.
sunny savita: This is the vector, guys. Now, what I'm doing, guys, I'm taking a model.
sunny savita: And I'm checking with the most similar vector.
sunny savita: Okay, I'm passing this vector, and let's see…
sunny savita: It's going to be similar to what? Okay, I'm passing the vector over here.
sunny savita: Can we check like this? Can we check like this?
sunny savita: Yes or no? Tell me yes or no.
sunny savita: Yes, we are using this model, actually, in the transformer.
sunny savita: In the transformer, actually, we use this model to convert our tokens into the embedding, right? So if I'm going to be check the most similar vector out of this vector, so see what I'll be getting. See, I'm getting queen.
sunny savita: Queen is their guys, queen is their princess.
sunny savita: Okay, queen, princess, these words are there.
sunny savita: Even though king is also there, but yeah, you can see the queen, princess, these words are there. So yes, in the most similar word.
sunny savita: These words are there.
sunny savita: Right?
sunny savita: Making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no. Tell me, tell me, tell me. Tell me fast, guys. Yes or no.
sunny savita: Are you able to understand how to utilize this model?
sunny savita: Very easy to utilize. Nothing is there, right? Nothing is there. Very easy to utilize, okay?
sunny savita: So, do we have any other model similar to this model, like this from Google? Yes, we have a different, different other model, which is trained by the different, different person, but this is the official model from the Google itself, right? This is the official model from the Google. Now, guys, let's say we have this particular sentence.
sunny savita: The sentence is… I. Love.
sunny savita: Machine learning.
sunny savita: Now, I have to convert this particular sentence into the vector.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: I have to convert this particular sentence into where, into the vector.
sunny savita: Now, how I can do it, guys? Tell me.
sunny savita: how I can do it, how I can convert it.
sunny savita: Can anyone tell me how I can convert this particular sentence into the vector?
sunny savita: So here, the concept comes… And the concept is called the…
sunny savita: Tell me, guys, what is the concept? The concept is called the average world to bank.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Average, A, B, E, R, G, E, average, World 2 Bank.
sunny savita: Okay, so first, what I'll do, guys, I will find out a vector.
sunny savita: First, Create.
sunny savita: a vector.
sunny savita: 4.
sunny savita: Each word in the sentence.
sunny savita: Then, guys…
sunny savita: Take an average of all the vector to get a single vector. Take an average of all the vector to get a single vector representation of the entire sentence.
sunny savita: So, this technique was very popular in 2015 and 16. Nowadays, we have SOTA model. Nowadays, we have a SOTA model, but I have to represent any sort of a sentence into the vector, then this technique, this is also called the average word-to-vec. How many of you heard about the average word-to-vec?
sunny savita: Average, word-to-back.
sunny savita: Average word to bag, okay? So this particular technique was very, very popular, this average word to bag.
sunny savita: Now, let's see how we can do it. Sorry, let's see how we can basically perform it. So, here is a sentence. So, my sentence is what? My sentence is basically this one. I love machine learning. So, first, I'll convert this particular sentence into the tokens.
sunny savita: Okay, so I'll write lower.
sunny savita: I'll write a split over here.
sunny savita: And what I'll do, guys, I will split the data. See, what I have, guys, I have a token now.
sunny savita: Now, can I give this particular token to the model?
sunny savita: This particular token to the model.
sunny savita: Yes, we can give that. So let's do one thing, guys. Let's create a list over here. I'm going to be create a list, word vectors.
sunny savita: Okay, now here, what I'll do, guys, I will… Keep all the vectors, okay?
sunny savita: So I'm going to be iterate on top of the words.
sunny savita: Just a sec.
sunny savita: Yeah, guys, sorry. Yeah, first, guys, I'm going to be convert all the, like, the entire sentence into the words.
sunny savita: Okay?
sunny savita: Now, I will be iterating on top of it. So, forward… in words.
sunny savita: Now, I will print the word, let's see what is coming.
sunny savita: So, print one.
sunny savita: Now, see, this is all the words. Now, I will apply my model over here.
sunny savita: So I will write over here, word to back.
sunny savita: Okay, dot append.
sunny savita: And there, what I'll pass, guys, I'll pass this model.
sunny savita: of the world.
sunny savita: Is it clear to all of you? This particular logic is clear? This one?
sunny savita: So what I'll be getting, guys, so here, I'll be getting the word vector inside this particular
sunny savita: Inside this particular bot, inside this particular… List. Okay, this one.
sunny savita: So what I'll be getting, guys, I'll be getting the vector of this each word inside this particular list.
sunny savita: Okay?
sunny savita: Now, what I'll do, guys, so over here, I will, apply the average concept, okay? So, I will write this empty.me
sunny savita: Right? And then what I'll do, guys, I'll be passing my word vectors.
sunny savita: Okay? And X is equal to 0, right? X is equal to 0 means, I'm going to find out a submission on a column basis, right?
sunny savita: On a column basis, basically, we are going to do that. And then, basically, we'll find out the average of it, okay? Average out of that. So here, if I will execute it, guys, what I'll be getting, I'll be getting my final vector.
sunny savita: Right? See, this is going to be my final vector. Let me do one thing, let me write the import.
sunny savita: numpy as NP. Now, if I will execute it, see, guys, what I'm getting, I'm getting a one vector. Now, this particular vector, actually, it is representing to my sentence, okay? So, this is going to be what, guys? This is going to be my…
sunny savita: Sentence.
sunny savita: send P-E-N-C sentence vector.
sunny savita: Okay, so here, guys, if you will see this particular center, this is going to be what? This is going to be my sentence vector. Now, you can check out the shape of it. So, what is the shape of it? You can simply run this sentencevector.shape.
sunny savita: Okay? You will get that. See, 300 is going to be a shape of it.
sunny savita: Is it making sense to all of you guys? How to represent a sentence into the embed… how to represent a sentence into the vector?
sunny savita: We have represented a sentence into the vector using what? Word-to-back technique. Sorry, average word-to-back technique. So, word-to-back technique, actually, word-to-back technique is going to be convert
sunny savita: Word-to-back technique is going to be convert.
sunny savita: Every word into the vector.
sunny savita: Into the vector.
sunny savita: An average word-to-back, with the average word-to-back, what I can do.
sunny savita: With the average word to back, With the average word-to-back.
sunny savita: every sentence into the vector, okay? But guys, now this technique is… this technique is old.
sunny savita: Now, this technique is… Old guys.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Now, this technique is old. We have SOTA technique.
sunny savita: What do we have, guys, tell me? We have a SOTA technique. Now, this technique is old.
sunny savita: Old, right? Old, old, old, old, old.
sunny savita: Great, perfect. And what I can write… will see… The SOTA technique.
sunny savita: SOTA means what? Transformer-based technique?
sunny savita: Transformer-based technique.
sunny savita: In the next class.
sunny savita: Making sense to all of you guys? Tell me. Now, here, tell me.
sunny savita: how many people are able to understand, this particular example? This particular example. I just wanted to know in the chat, so that I can give you the quick revision of it, okay?
sunny savita: If it is confusing for you, then please practice it by yourself. Once, you will get it, okay? I'm giving you this entire code, just a second.
sunny savita: So I'm adding it inside the GitHub, you can take it from there.
sunny savita: I went very, very, very slowly, so that you can understand everything, okay? Because, guys, see, this is a base, actually. I cannot miss this base. See, if you will check out with my YouTube channel, just a second, guys, let me put the code, so code updated.
sunny savita: You can check out the code, guys, over the GitHub. See, guys, if you will check out with my YouTube or anywhere, I already taught to so many people, like, fine-tuning this, that, transformer, rag, and all. I can directly start from there. I can directly start from that particular concept. Now, why I'm teaching you this entire thing? Because, see guys, because you are into the bootcamp.
sunny savita: You join this bootcamp by trusting on me, by trusting on my teaching method, by trusting on the detail, basically, which we provide. No one provide you this kind of detail and all in any bootcamp, in any classes, guys. Okay.
sunny savita: Right? So this is our specialty only, means we… we prepare our student in such a way that they are never going to fail inside the interview. Our success rate is very high inside the interview, guys.
sunny savita: Okay? Means, if anyone is learning from our classes, even the non-tech person, tech person, anyone, they can clear the interview.
sunny savita: If they are learning sincerely, if they are putting their own effort also, right? At least their own 50% effort. So, from our side, we are teaching everything. Now, it's your turn to revise the thing, to complete the assignment.
sunny savita: to go through with the lecture, to ask the doubt, to explore the thing from the chat GPT and all. Now, 50% thing from you, on you only.
sunny savita: Okay, so that's why… see, guys, I can directly start from fine-tuning. No one is stopping to me to directly start from the unslot, from the hugging face, okay, to start from the langchain, Lang Graph.
sunny savita: Right? Or maybe AutoGen, so many. I worked a lot on Langraph, on Sloth, and all. Okay, I know the… every bits and pieces of that particular thing and all, right? So, I can directly start from there, but guys, who will teach you this entire thing? If someone is going to ask you in an interview tomorrow how TFIDF works.
sunny savita: Okay, even I have asked to the people, I'm taking so many interviews, I asked to the people how TFID work, how Bull2Bag work, then how you will answer.
sunny savita: Actually, right? So, keep this thing in your mind, guys. It is an important one, means, in the initial of the session, first we'll clarify all the basics and all, then only we'll come to the advanced concepts, okay? Advanced generative AI concepts.
sunny savita: So, let me show you the code, where it is. I think people are saying it is not there.
sunny savita: Guys, did you get a code or not? Just a sec, let me check.
sunny savita: Code is here or not.
sunny savita: 0.5, 0.6… White did not game, hmm?
sunny savita: git push?
sunny savita: Okay, I think I didn't write the git push. Sorry, I just committed, I didn't write the git push. Now ith is done, I think so. You can check it out, guys.
sunny savita: So code is here, I can give you one minute of time, you can explore this particular code. And later on, you can run it, means, I think, you have the entire one day, you can, explore it, and in tomorrow's class, guys, we are going to be start with a different topic, like SOTA technique and all, right?
sunny savita: Yes, I'll come to the neural network. I will give you assignment in the next class, okay? Paramitha, I'll discuss in the next class.
sunny savita: No, today's class is not over, I will take for 15 more minutes, alright? And after that only, I will conclude it.
sunny savita: So tell me, guys, how's the learning so far with me? Are you learning, something, basically? If yes, then just give me quick thumbs up.
sunny savita: We can prep… we can consider that, no, Vivek, who is stopping us?
sunny savita: So, just keeping the symmetry, actually, I capped it like this, okay?
sunny savita: Otherwise, we can consider it, that word also will be passed to the model, right?
sunny savita: Okay, perfect.
sunny savita: So, what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be explaining you again. So first, guys, let's look into the pros and cons.
sunny savita: And after that, guys, I'll come to the, schemegram explanation, okay? How the schemegram looks like.
sunny savita: So, just a second, I capped some pros and cons with me inside the notepad. Let me share with you.
sunny savita: So, guys, this is the pros and cons. Actually, I capped at my notepad. Let me copy and paste that.
sunny savita: No.
sunny savita: So this is the pros, actually. Can you see, guys? Is it visible to all of you?
sunny savita: This one. So this is what… this is the pros, actually. Pros of using the Word2Bag, okay? And here is the cons.
sunny savita: Actually, I explained in my previous batch, no? So, in my… one of the batches, I capped that, just a second.
sunny savita: I'm taking a screenshot of it.
sunny savita: So here is what? Here is the cons.
sunny savita: This one. So let's understand the pros and cons. Let's take a look onto it. I think we can understand it very clearly.
sunny savita: So, yeah, here it is. So first, guys, let's focus over the prawns. So what is the prawns, guys? The pronce is very, very simple.
sunny savita: It is efficient in the fast training. Why it is efficient in the fast training? Because there is no
sunny savita: deep network.
sunny savita: Right, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. Just give me a minute, guys. Just give me a minute.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Sorry, guys, I got a call, wait. So, again, I'm, coming to that, yeah. So, guys, here, basically, we had a pros. So, what are the pros, guys? A pros, basically, efficient at the fast training, because we have a shallow model. Now, can anyone tell me how many layers we have?
sunny savita: 3 layers.
sunny savita: Input.
sunny savita: Hidden?
sunny savita: and output. Now, in the hidden, guys, how many hidden layers we have?
sunny savita: One hidden layer.
sunny savita: And how many neurons inside this one? How many neurons inside this particular hidden layer?
sunny savita: Neurons-wise, guys.
sunny savita: Only, this is the hyperparameter, right?
sunny savita: This is the hyperparameter. I hope it is clear. Now, the second, basically, semantic understanding. So, similar words, close vector. Is it clear to all of you, yes or no?
sunny savita: So somehow it is able to sustain the context related to the word.
sunny savita: Okay, context for what? Context of the word.
sunny savita: The second prose is clear to all of you, yes or no? Great. So here is an example.
sunny savita: King is somewhere equal to queen, and car is somewhat equal to vehicle.
sunny savita: So it's going to be capture the similarity, it is going to be capture the relationship.
sunny savita: Can we do the vector arithmetic operations? Yes or no?
sunny savita: Can we do the vector arithmetic operations? Yes. King minus man plus woman is equal to queen, and we have seen this particular example.
sunny savita: Practically also.
sunny savita: Practically, also, we have proved it, guys. Tell me yes or no.
sunny savita: Yes?
sunny savita: Practically also, we have proved that, okay?
sunny savita: Sir, one more question. Would Google use 300… 3 neurons? No, Google… I didn't say Google used 3. We have used 3, Google is using 300, it's a hyperparameter.
sunny savita: So, we have used 3, Google has used the 300 optimal value.
sunny savita: Google Mention, you can use any value there.
sunny savita: They have used 300, actually.
sunny savita: Okay? Now, guys, the next one is the pre-trained model is available. So, is it easy to use?
sunny savita: pre-trained model is available, so it is easy to use. Now, journal purpose embedding, this embedding, basically, it could be used in NLP pipeline, in ML modeling, in clustering and all. So, guys, this model was very, very popular.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: So this model was very, very popular till 2018.
sunny savita: And in every NLP application, this was being used.
sunny savita: And still, it is being used inside the transformer.
sunny savita: So, we're talking about the transformer. Now, to this transformer, we are passing data in terms of token.
sunny savita: So this token, actually, it's going to be converted into the embedding.
sunny savita: And this embedding, actually, we are going to be generate using the word-to-back model only.
sunny savita: So, internally, transformer, internally, Transformer is using this word-to-back model.
sunny savita: Making sense to all of you, yes or no?
sunny savita: Great.
sunny savita: Now, guys, here, what we can do, we can understand about the cons also, so here is some cons. See, just read out these cons.
sunny savita: So, guys, cons, basically.
sunny savita: Here, you can see Bank River and Bank Finance. Okay, if I'm going to be generator…
sunny savita: Embedding for the bank.
sunny savita: It's going to be aesthetic. Is it, guys? Tell me, yes or no.
sunny savita: So guys, dynamically, according to the sentence, according to the sentence.
sunny savita: Dynamically, this embedding is not going to be changed. So this is one of the drawbacks, actually.
sunny savita: Okay? It is going to be generative fixed embedding.
sunny savita: Vector would be static, will not charge according to the sentence.
sunny savita: Okay, so if I'm going to be right like this, River.
sunny savita: Bang.
sunny savita: Or?
sunny savita: Finance?
sunny savita: Bank.
sunny savita: So the embedding for this bank, actually, It's going to be same.
sunny savita: Even though… These words are… different.
sunny savita: Making sense to all of you, yes or no? Guys, tell me.
sunny savita: Yes or no?
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Great, correct, right? Now, the no handling auto-vocabulary. So again, guys, if the new word is coming, let's say.
sunny savita: to the Google model, to the Google model, if we are giving the word ChatGPT.
sunny savita: Did this word was used in 2013 while this model was training? Tell me.
sunny savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me.
sunny savita: Tell me, guys, tell me, tell me fast.
sunny savita: Transfer, do not use Word2Bag internally. Priyabhatra, it used. Inside the attention, all you need paper, na? If you will check attention, okay, let me show you. Priya Bhatra is saying transfer does not use. Priya Bhatra, just a second. Let me show you.
sunny savita: Attention is all you need, right?
sunny savita: This is a paper, okay?
sunny savita: Let me open that, wait.
sunny savita: Is it a correct paper or not? Let me check it out, there is… it is having… yeah, this is a transformer model.
sunny savita: What is this? What is this? What is this? Can anyone tell me what is this? Input, this one.
sunny savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me, guys, what is this? It is an input embedding, and here, basically, they were using the word-to-back model.
sunny savita: They have trained their own model again.
sunny savita: own model.
sunny savita: And they were using that particular model, actually, to convert the tokens
sunny savita: Into the embedding. And then, the further multi-year attention.
sunny savita: And the further feed-forward network was running, and we were getting the final vector. Here, basically, we were getting the final vector. Where we were getting the final vector, here, Sergei, we were getting the final vector. This is called the sentence vector.
sunny savita: Understood. You can read out more about it. You will… this thing is going to be clear. See, encoder, decoder, and just read it out over here. Actually, this is going to be our next chapter, so definitely we'll understand. See?
sunny savita: Skill.product and all, everything they have mentioned, and even they have a mention about the embedding also.
sunny savita: Got it, Priyaji? Is it clear? Embedding and softmax, okay? Just check it out, this, you will get everything over here.
sunny savita: Now, what is the next one? So, over here, you can see…
sunny savita: So, we have the next, no handling of the outer vocabulary, this is clear, cannot handle the sub words. So, guys, it is having some issue with this particular word also.
sunny savita: Okay, so running… runner runs, actually, there is no clear morphology which it is able to understand. It is treating everything in a different way, in a different manner.
sunny savita: So this is also an issue. Now, this model, Word2BackGPT, actually, this is, like, more mature.
sunny savita: Compared to this one.
sunny savita: Because it is having the attention mechanism, it can understand the deep context, and it can, create the dynamic embedding also. Okay?
sunny savita: So, is it clear to all of you guys? Tell me yes or no.
sunny savita: Okay, perfect. So I'll provide you these particular notes, you can go through with it, and even you can, do some self-study over here.
sunny savita: Got it, guys? I hope this thing is clear. Now, one more concept is remaining. So what I'll do, guys, can I take in tomorrow's session? I can, give you some, mathematical understanding, basically, a few people are asking. I'll take, maybe 5 more minutes.
sunny savita: So, some people are asking, like, how this thing is working. So, I have one calculation I can explain you with that particular calculation, okay? And after that, guys, I'll, move to the transform-based model, so maybe tomorrow I'll discuss with the OpenAI.
sunny savita: and the Google model. So if you don't have this key, guys, please generate a key.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Please generate a key for the OpenAI, Google, and the Hugging Face also.
sunny savita: Okay? This key will be required.
sunny savita: Even I show… I will show you in the live class.
sunny savita: In the live class also, I will show you how to generate, but yeah, you can generate that, right?
sunny savita: Google is free, this is free, this is free.
sunny savita: But this is not free, guys. Not free.
sunny savita: Okay?
sunny savita: So this is paid, actually.
sunny savita: So you can escape it also, if you want, but yeah, you can generate this Google one and the Hugging Face one.
sunny savita: Making sense?
sunny savita: Okay, great.
sunny savita: Perfect. So, fine guys, how was the session? Did you understand this word too back and the complete practical and all?
sunny savita: Yeah? So I'm going to teach you from the embedding perspective.
sunny savita: This, two things, no? This two key, basically, I'm asking from the embedding perspective.
sunny savita: Because I'm going to be using the embedding model. Embedding models, actually.
sunny savita: Okay, for the text model and for the image model, again, we can use the Grok
sunny savita: We can use the open router, okay?
sunny savita: Even we can use the Hugging Face API also.
sunny savita: But this I'm asking with respect to the embedding model perspective.
sunny savita: Good.
sunny savita: Transformer further is performing this attention mechanism, na? Riaji.
sunny savita: So this is just for the initial embedding, this is just for the initial embedding, and then later on, that embedding will be refined using the self-attention mechanism.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: That data will be passed to the self-attention mechanism. Got it?
sunny savita: Okay, guys, so fine, I can provide you those notes, you can go through with it, and then…
sunny savita: In tomorrow's session, guys, one more concept related to this Word2Bag, and then we'll move to the next concept, okay?
sunny savita: Point, guys, so I uploaded notes, I'm just giving to you this, entire notes and all PDF. You can go through with it, okay? You can revise the concept, at least.
sunny savita: Okay, guys, so you can take it from where? From this, GitHub only. The entire notes and all, everything is there.
sunny savita: Even I will upload in the resource section. Got it?
sunny savita: These are the handwritten notes.
sunny savita: So, instead of the code update, please use comment, like, Topic you told us.
sunny savita: Fine, guys, I think this is clear, so please, revise all the concept, especially go through with the V2 back, the entire process and all. Tomorrow, one more concept is remaining. Tomorrow, basically, what I can show you, I can show you the escape gram, the final one, okay, how the neural network looked like.
sunny savita: For the escape ground, and one will understand with one calculation, okay? So, I'll show you what, I will show you one example. So, this entire example will be in your head, okay? It will be too much concrete.
sunny savita: So I think, this will not, this will not take, basically, more than, half an hour. Within half an hour, actually, we can complete it, right? This one.
sunny savita: Okay, fine guys. So, yeah, custom training also. I have one, solution for that, I can show you after this one.
sunny savita: So, thank you guys, thank you, bye-bye, take care. Keyed vector, it will be used in a custom vector, okay? Sorry, custom training, basically. I just imported that.
sunny savita: As of now.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: So fine, guys, you can drop the session if you don't have any sort of a doubt now.
sunny savita: Oh…
sunny savita: We'll discuss the further thing in the next session. So guys, most probably, in the next class, okay, so, next class, next to next class.
sunny savita: Yeah, so I think, within 3-4 class, we are going to be complete the transformer, because I already prepared the base for the transformer, and, then directly we'll jump to the fine-tuning, okay? After understanding the LLM and all. Yeah.
sunny savita: SIBO and escape ground, which method is efficient? Tomorrow, I'll discuss that.
sunny savita: Right? Tomorrow.
sunny savita: So, thank you guys, bye, take care, I'll see you in the next class. If you have doubt, be here. I'll clarify all the doubts, okay? Fine, thank you.
sunny savita: Guys, I will start the doubt session after the 5 minutes, so let me put the timer, and I will start after 5 minutes.
sunny savita: Okay, guys, so let's start with the doubt session. If you have any doubt, you can, raise the hand, okay?
sunny savita: Yeah, Ashish, what's your doubt? Please go ahead.
sunny savita: Yeah, Ashish, if you're there, please go ahead with your dog.
sunny savita: Ashish Gupta.
sunny savita: Okay, Sundar, what's your doubt? Please go ahead.
sundar: Hey, Alison. So, how was the model able to predict the embedding for when you use a word like sunny, right? How was it able to do that? Because it wouldn't have saw that in its streaming of news data, right?
sunny savita: Sorry, what… what you said? Can you please come again?
sundar: No, the model was able to provide vector embedding for words like sunny, right? How is it able to do so when the new state is not having sunny? How is it able to predict the embedding?
sunny savita: It is a wrong embedding, actually. It is a wrong embedding.
sundar: It could be.
sunny savita: be the wrong one, actually. Maybe… we don't know, maybe Sunny would be there inside the news data.
sunny savita: Okay.
sundar: Okay, so let's save.
sunny savita: If you are going to be searched, sorry, if you are going with the Google News, right? So, the sunny is a very common word. It could be there.
sunny savita: But the word, basically, ChatGPT, maybe not might be there, okay? Let's do one thing. Let's give the chat GPT to the same model. Let's see what it is generating, okay?
sunny savita: So…
sunny savita: We had a model over here, right? This is the model.
sunny savita: what I'll do, I'll… take a model, and I'll pass the chat GPT over here.
sundar: I guess.
sunny savita: Now, let's see, what is coming?
sunny savita: Key ChatGPT not present.
sunny savita: Got it?
sundar: Okay, one, one, sir.
sunny savita: the news, yeah, inside the news, maybe Sunny might be there. That's why it is coming, right?
sundar: Okay, got it, got it. Just one more. So, when we learned about OHE BO or TFIDF, we had a mathematical way to convert this text into a vector, like, say, by counting the presence, frequency, or the document weight to global importance, multiplication, things like that. But when it comes to SIBO, what we did is, we had a kind of context from which we are predicting that
sundar: target. That's what's happening in the training, be it a back propagation and you're updating the weight. But what it is doing is, basically, when you have sentence like, say, I love AI, or I love cricket, it is taking AI and cricket, and it is predicting to put either love or like in between, right? So, when it is in the hidden layer, when it is, when it is understanding what to put, how to choose this target.
sundar: How exactly that is getting mapped to the real-world example of, when you put a word like cricket, it is converting into a number directly, right? It is… on the training, it is understanding which word to use in which context, but in the real-time use case, it is giving a number, right? So, what is the full picture of it? How to tie the concept to the…
sunny savita: Actually, see… This… this is the training, right? If you will check with this model…
sunny savita: What is happening over here? The training is happening.
sunny savita: Alright? So…
sundar: Yeah, panic.
sunny savita: We are passing this follow.
sunny savita: Then 4.
sunny savita: Then it's time to predict the sunny, means I will be having one output layer. Let me do one thing, let me explain you over here.
sunny savita: So, let's say this is my input.
sunny savita: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5… 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. This is my header layer.
sunny savita: Okay, this is my output.
sunny savita: So, this will come over here, this will come over here, it will do the… what it will do, it will do the matrix multiplication in, or whatever is there, right? So, just a sec.
sunny savita: Okay.
sundar: Okay.
sunny savita: This will be calculated. Now, see, one word is going from here. Let's say the…
sunny savita: Word is going to be what? Follow for.
sundar: Follow and fork, yeah.
sunny savita: Okay, so this is the follow.
sunny savita: 1, 2, 3… 0, 1, 0, 0, follow 4.
sunny savita: Okay, 4 could be what? 0? 0-1?
sunny savita: 0, 0. Okay.
sunny savita: So, this is my follow, and this is what, this is my 4.
sunny savita: Got it?
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Now, what will happen, see?
sunny savita: After that, this word will come from here, and here is what? Here is my weight matrix, right? So, 3 cross 5 weight matrix, sorry.
sunny savita: 5 plus 3 weight metrics.
sunny savita: Okay, and 5 cross 3 weight matrix, right? So all the weights and all will be calculated over here, and I will get one vector from here.
sunny savita: Okay, this is the average vector.
sunny savita: Now, again, we have a weight matrix is over here, so the weight matrix size is 3 cross pi, so it will do the multiplication and all, and it will predict the final output.
sunny savita: So let's say the final output is going to be predict what. It's going to be predict.
sunny savita: This is 0.5, this is 0.9, this is 0.1, this is 0.2, and this is 0. This is 0, right? This is a normalized vector. Now, where is the highest probability?
sundar: 0.9, second point.
sunny savita: This is the highest probability, right?
sunny savita: So, okay, let me give you… let me write with a real example. So, what is an actual output? What is the actual output?
sunny savita: The actual output is what? The actual output is sunny.
sunny savita: Right? This is the actual output.
sunny savita: Here is what? Here, basically, I have a son.
sunny savita: Can you tell me the Sunny's vector with a one-hot encoded vector?
sundar: And…
sunny savita: So, Sunny's vector is this one.
sundar: Tito, Tito, Tito 1.
sunny savita: 00000.
sundar: 01, yeah.
sunny savita: Zero… 0, 0, 0, 0, 1.
sunny savita: Okay, now I have a predicted output.
sunny savita: Please?
sunny savita: Okay. This is my predicted output.
sundar: Means, instead of sunny, it'll first predict something else.
sunny savita: So, let's say it's going to be predict… let's say it's going to be predict 0.3 for this one, 0.5 for this one, 0.8 for this one, 0.0 for this one, and let's say 0.7 for this one, okay?
sunny savita: to tell me if I'm going to calculate a loss.
sundar: Oh, okay, okay.
sunny savita: Now, this thing, basically, it will happen, this prediction, actually, it will happen using the softmax.
sundar: So, next.
sunny savita: Okay, using what? Using the SOCMAC function. And here we have a, like, actual numbers, Sunny, right? So we'll find out a loss between it.
sunny savita: So, as of now, the loss will be a little high, maybe, because this is not very close, this low.
sunny savita: So, our aim to make it very close, our aim to make this loss lower.
sunny savita: Okay, in order to that, this weights…
sunny savita: This weights, actually, this weights is going to be long.
sunny savita: Okay? This weights is going to be learned. Once the weights will be learned, so we'll be getting the best possible weight over here, this one.
sunny savita: Making sense or not, right? So we got a model, we got a model, Which understand the context, actually.
sunny savita: Context in terms of what? Context, basically, if there will be follow for something like that, Gen AI,
sunny savita: So, it will refer to Sunny.
sunny savita: Right? Something like that. So, with that, actually, what we did, we have taught model to the context.
sunny savita: What contexts we have taught.
sunny savita: If follow for Gen AI, AI, any AI-related term would be there, though Sunny would be there.
sunny savita: Right? Next time, Mekyakuruma?
sunny savita: right? I have a model. This is the model.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: Now, I've given the word to the model, Sunny.
sunny savita: So, it will try to give me a vector.
sunny savita: which will be closer what I got inside this particular training, because it understands inside this context.
sundar: Okay, okay, so first of all, I should say 0.3.5, then again.
sundar: It will reduce the first four things, and will try to increase the points
sundar: Economic model of the closed system.
sunny savita: Yeah, right. And here, activation function will not be there, actually. So this is what, basically, I will explain in tomorrow's class. I left this one. Again, I will do that, okay? So this is the overall picture.
sundar: Yeah, makes sense, yeah, thanks, thanks, Andy, thanks.
sunny savita: Okay, so this is done.
sunny savita: Guys, give me a moment, okay?
sunny savita: Yeah, guys, okay, again, we can start. Yeah, Sundar is done. Now, Shankar, what's your doubt? Please go ahead, Shankar.
Sankar USA: Yeah, hello, hi Sane.
sunny savita: Yeah, Hyram.
Sankar USA: Yeah, so, like, I want to understand, like, maybe I'm missing something, the difference between the neurons that you specified and the dimensions, basically. Like, so are they the same, or what do they represent? Like, I think I missed it, the flow, a little bit.
sunny savita: Neurons, dimension, how you specify the dimension, right?
sunny savita: Sir, it is a hyperparameter, actually. Hyperparameter means… what is the meaning of the hyperparameter?
sunny savita: Hyperparameter means which we cannot decide, which we can experiment.
Sankar USA: Yes.
sunny savita: Okay? So, hyperparameter means what? Which we can experiment. So, I took 3 just to explain you.
sunny savita: Okay, the dimension of the neuron could be anything. There could be 5… the dimension of the embedding neuron could be anything. It could be 5, 10, 15, 12, 13, 300, 500. You can test out with any number. Got it?
Sankar USA: Okay, so…
sunny savita: If in the entire deep learning, in the entire generative AI, if I'm saying hyperparameter, that means, basically, that number is not defined, okay? That is not a deterministic number, okay?
Sankar USA: Okay. So, like, so, like, it is different from the number of hidden layers, right?
sunny savita: No, only one hidden layer would be there, that's it.
Sankar USA: Okay, always only one hidden layer will be there.
sunny savita: Only one hitter left.
Sankar USA: Okay, so… yeah, and if we actually increase or decrease the number of dimensions, like, usually, I mean, what is supposed to happen? They're, like, it is supposed to capture the essence in a different way, like,
Sankar USA: after that.
sunny savita: It can capture the more sense, okay, the number of dimension of the vector would be high. As I told you, now, we can do the custom training also. So you can train your model, whatever is small, whatever use, and you can train your model, right?
sunny savita: I can give you one example. Have you seen the LLMs? Different, different LLMs?
Sankar USA: Yes.
sunny savita: 1B LLM is also there, means 1 billion parameter LLM is there, 2 billion is there, 10 billion is there, 400 billion is there, right? What is this? Parameter. Different, different size of model.
sunny savita: Right? So, we can do like this also over here.
sunny savita: Means, different, different size of model we can create, with 300 dimension, 500 dimension, 10,000 dimension, whatever.
Sankar USA: Okay, yeah. So, when you say if we have a 300… I mean, 300 parameters, that it means that it has 300 neurons in the hidden layer, basically.
sunny savita: Correct. If the vector dimension is 300, means a 300 parameter in the hidden layer, that's it.
Sankar USA: Okay, so, got it, thank you.
sunny savita: Thank you.
sunny savita: Okay, guys, Yash is also with me. If you wanted to save your time, you can join with him also. If you have any,
sunny savita: system-related issue and all, he might also help you to solve that doubt, okay? So I'm giving one Google Meet link.
sunny savita: You can join over there. If you have doubt only, guys, okay? Otherwise, I'm here to take out doubts.
sunny savita: Yes, Bhavia, please go ahead.
Bhaavya: Hello?
sunny savita: Yeah, Bob, yeah, please go ahead with the doubt.
Bhaavya: Yeah. So, actually, my doubt is, the diagram, which we are saying, the first part is when we're just asking the question regarding the…
Bhaavya: Speaking already.
sunny savita: I cannot hear you properly.
Bhaavya: Okay, one second.
Bhaavya: Can you hear me now?
sunny savita: Yes, I can hear you.
Bhaavya: Okay, so I'm saying, input, output,
Bhaavya: Which been hidden there, correct?
Bhaavya: ser correct.
sunny savita: No shit.
Bhaavya: Yes, my, just, it's just below, just below, just below.
Bhaavya: So, yahapi jo ham diharajo layer lia hai, jo ki hyperparameter select ki hai, uske baad jo ye embedding ye generate hora hai. input a follow or form.
Bhaavya: output is 100 horizani, for example, toh ye prediction horais. Kaise se hora hai.
sunny savita: Sir, weight is randomly select Tootin, sir. Matlap jabame starting me select karte ha random karte hain.
sunny savita: weird jo hot hain, na? Or randomly initialize hot hain.
Bhaavya: Toh, hamuni aapi jabi jo, kamuni practical dekha taus ka hammer dekha tag. Lehrei kus.
sunny savita: neural network ko samajana palaiga.
Bhaavya: Until…
sunny savita: So, neural network mein kya hota, jasa miripas ya neural network hai.
sunny savita: predict karna, ya ape.
sunny savita: I import Dumba.
Bhaavya: Huh?
sunny savita: output ajay mira, right? What I'll get.
Bhaavya: Thank you, Mr.
sunny savita: After giving an input, I'll get output over here.
Bhaavya: Okay.
sunny savita: Right? This is my output. So, whatever weight I will be assigning over here, this weight 1, weight W, weight…
sunny savita: Weight 3, right? Here, weight 4, weight 5.
sunny savita: This, all the weights, actually, are the random weights. Means, first time.
sunny savita: Whenever first time I will initialize this weight, this is going to be a random weight.
sunny savita: Okay, I will decide one range, let's say between 1 to 50.
sunny savita: So, between 1 to 50, any value could be here.
sunny savita: When the model will learn, no, learn means what? In epochs, right? Forward propagation, backward propagation, then this weight will be at just.
Bhaavya: Okay.
sunny savita: What is the meaning of it? See, have you seen this degradient descent diagram?
sunny savita: Have you gone through ever with this diagram?
Bhaavya: Envelope?
sunny savita: this diagram. Weights…
sunny savita: Okay, and then, here is what? Loss.
sunny savita: This is a diagram.
sunny savita: What is this diagram? See, here we'll get a minimum loss.
Bhaavya: Yeah, global new ways.
sunny savita: This is what? This is my optimized weight.
Bhaavya: Okay.
sunny savita: So, initially, my loss could be here, here, here, here. I will be learning, actually. After learning, learning, learning, my target to reach over here.
sunny savita: You're.
Bhaavya: Okay, so this is all.
sunny savita: only called the learning. So, initially, the bait will be initialized randomly.
sunny savita: And by the learning, the weight will be stable. This is the part of the training.
sunny savita: Toh, hamare bus kay, model hai, jo practical mehika. Bata kisi allna padhi se train karti hai.
sunny savita: essa, okay?
Bhaavya: Correct.
sunny savita: Correct, correct.
Bhaavya: suitable haya.
sunny savita: Sir, custom model banana sakhne, easily banana sakt usme kya, aap neural network paral dijevo po lenge. Okay? May practical bhi khadung aapko next class meeting.
Bhaavya: predictions output action…
sunny savita: Until you're not training it from scratch. Matlav, if you're not writing a code from scratch in PyTorch, you will not get that. We are using a library, so everything will be abstract. In a backend, those things would be running, okay?
Bhaavya: Okay.
sunny savita: Yeah.
Bhaavya: Okay, yeah, thank you, thank you, Virus.
sunny savita: Thank you, sir.
sunny savita: Yes, MKS, what is your talk?
sunny savita: Mmm… Okay, now next is the Narendra.
sunny savita: Do you have any doubt?
Narendra Chundi: Yeah, hi, Sunny. Firstly, thank you, but please continue with the same thing that, what you are continuing. I really appreciate it. It's like, it's not a doubt, it's like a kind of suggestion, you can consider it, or not, that's up to you.
Narendra Chundi: Is there a possibility to separate, the video of theory and, practical, and, separately, and with the doubt session? Because if we separate it, right, the, the videos will be two videos, and, suppose if I miss the class on Saturday, and, if I want to go for Sunday, then immediately if the upload is available.
Narendra Chundi: I can quickly cope up, flight. That is the… that is… that is the only suggestion. I don't know whether it is feasible or not.
Narendra Chundi: Can you discuss this with the team and, implement if possible?
sunny savita: Yeah, yeah, so see, actually, what happened, whenever we stop the recording, see, I will stop the doubt session, okay? So, this entire session will be compiled as a single recording.
Narendra Chundi: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
sunny savita: Let's say I took a complete session from 8 to 12, or 8 to 1, so it will be compiled as a 5-hour recording, right?
sunny savita: See, recording process will take that much of time only. We cannot basically compensate that, right? But yeah, I will check if we can, pre-process that, sorry, if we can post-process that after getting the video from the Zoom, if we can divide it into two parts, okay? I'll check that. Got it?
Narendra Chundi: Can't we do that while processing itself? If we have two, two, suppose, two to join… we are joining with one at 8.30, right? 8 o'clock. So, 8 to… we can… can we split into two… two meetings, like, kind of thing?
sunny savita: Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm saying. Let me check if it is possible, we'll do that definitely, okay?
Narendra Chundi: The reason for the ask is because, suppose Saturday and Sunday back-to-back, right? Suppose if, for some personal reasons, if I miss the class on Saturday, and I would really catch up for Sunday class, if the recording is available, at least I can cope up, that is the concern.
sunny savita: Yeah, yeah, don't worry, don't worry, I got that. I'll check that team, okay? I'll update you regarding it. Got it?
Narendra Chundi: Okay, thank you, thank you, Sam. Yeah. The way you are teaching is, is, really super. You can go with the same face, whatever the people comments, don't take it up to your head. That's what my, that's what my, opinion, on your, on your class session.
sunny savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure, sure, sure. I'll continue with the same. Thank you, Narek.
sunny savita: Yeah, Ruchi, please go ahead with your dog.
Ruchi S: Am I audible, first of all?
sunny savita: Yeah, you're audible.
Ruchi S: Okay, so you said that, in this, we are not using the activation function.
Ruchi S: Why aren't we using that? Like, I didn't understand that part only.
sunny savita: Because there is no use of the activation function. What we'll do with the activation function over here?
Ruchi S: Booking devices, creep in, and then we would want…
sunny savita: It means we are not using activation function inside the header layer, but we are using inside the output layer, okay? The same thing is mentioned inside the research paper, actually.
sunny savita: So…
sunny savita: whoever has done that research, right, they haven't included the activation function useful inside the embedding… inside the header layer, while it was generating the embedding out of it, okay? Because again, see, what I can see over there, what will be the use of it? We don't want to suppress the output between 0 to 1. That is the first thing.
Ruchi S: Right?
sunny savita: And we won't… even don't want the linear output, so we don't want such kind of pattern inside the data. That's why I think they removed the activation function from there, okay?
sunny savita: You can check out the research paper. They clearly mention what there as well.
sunny savita: You will have to deep dive maybe a little bit, but yeah, you will get it. So, just open it.
sunny savita: And… check over here. Goals of a paper…
sunny savita: More architecture.
sunny savita: Feeling.
sunny savita: New log linear model, continuous backover, continuous speed ground.
sunny savita: Result is here.
sunny savita: task description… This is the companies of the model architecture.
sunny savita: First a component dividing into the same learning director, the further experimenter cemented the focus.
sunny savita: But in the corporate and the initial, we have used a provider comparison.
sunny savita: My SIBO model…
sunny savita: Just check out that, okay? Maybe somewhere they have mentioned, you will get it, okay? Or just give this paper to the cloud or chat GPD, they will summarize for you that, right?
Ruchi S: Just one last thing, would we be covering reinforcement learning as well?
sunny savita: No, ma'am, reinforcement learning, it's not required, but yeah, when I'll be teaching you that fine-tuning, right? I can cover somewhat of… somewhere of that part, because we have included the RLHF also. So…
sunny savita: RLHF for the technique.
sunny savita: That framework, actually, using the reinforcement learning, right?
sunny savita: So I can give you the little glimpse of some names and all.
sunny savita: So that, basically you can go through with it, right? But reinforcement learning is not required actively, and even those RLL-based methods is also replaced by the… some supervised method only, like DPO, ORPO. Those are quite efficient compared to the RLHF.
sunny savita: So, reinforcement learning is not required, okay?
Ruchi S: Okay, yeah, then that's all from my side.
sunny savita: Yeah, thank you, ma'am. Now, the next doubt is a Sheikh Majith, what's your doubt?
Shaik Mazeed: Hello, am I audible?
sunny savita: Yeah, you are audible.
Shaik Mazeed: Yes. First of all, thank you, Sumi, sir.
Shaik Mazeed: So, just a couple of questions. The first thing is, whatever you taught, right?
Shaik Mazeed: about this one hot coding BOW. I was understanding everything, but the thing which I was missing, I want to understand, like, where exactly are we going to use this one? So you said, like, what vector we are converting as a vector, any of the technique, whatever you thought.
Shaik Mazeed: So far. So I didn't understand that one, like, how real it was going to help us.
Shaik Mazeed: Helps.
sunny savita: Sir, apne assignment nick here, right? Who didn't complete his assignment?
Shaik Mazeed: No, I didn't complete the assignment.
sunny savita: Yes. Why you didn't complete that?
Shaik Mazeed: Oh, actually, I need to complete it. I am working provisionally indicated time to do that.
Shaik Mazeed: I have to do that. I will do it, for sure.
sunny savita: See, Cesar, where we are using it, let me explain to you, okay?
sunny savita: You will have to understand first, what is the aim of this deep learning and the machine learning?
sunny savita: You were talking about the aim of the machine learning and the deep learning. Tell me, what is the aim of it, or even the generative AI?
Shaik Mazeed: So what I understood from ML, so we, like, any kind of stuff comes, we need to do some predictions.
sunny savita: Hmm. Prediction from where?
Shaik Mazeed: Like, based on the data.
sunny savita: No, no, prediction from there, sir.
Shaik Mazeed: prediction from where? Like, let's suppose if we have any.
sunny savita: Model now, mortal.
Shaik Mazeed: Yeah, it has to understand that data, and include the contraceptions.
sunny savita: We have a model. Now, this model, actually, it's an intelligent model.
Shaik Mazeed: Yes?
sunny savita: Right?
sunny savita: It is, like, capable like a human nowadays.
sunny savita: Right? Now, how this model have been trained, actually?
sunny savita: On top of the data, right?
sunny savita: And what is this model, actually? It's a mathematical model.
sunny savita: Right? So the ultimate goal to all the techniques, whatever we are learning, whether it's a 1 or 10 coding, whether it's a bag of words, whether it's a Word2 bag, or any embedding method.
Shaik Mazeed: Right?
sunny savita: What is the ultimate goal? To convert the data into the numbers.
sunny savita: And to help into this mathematical calculation, so that we can train this model, actually.
sunny savita: Okay.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay.
sunny savita: Getting my point, right?
Shaik Mazeed: Yes.
sunny savita: Yes? So, 1-0 encoding, VET2, Word2BAC, TF, IDF, okay. This is all the models, basically, they have used for this thing only.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay.
sunny savita: to convert our data into the numbers, and then use it. And now, see, this is not one of the things. This is a primary thing, right? This is a primary region, but there is other secondary thing also, secondary application also. Now, just suppose, if we have a data, we are able to convert into the numbers. Now, the mathematics
sunny savita: Operation are possible, no, on top of it.
Shaik Mazeed: Yes, possible.
sunny savita: Right? Abhi… now let's suppose, see, let's say we have one document.
sunny savita: So I'm going to be convert this document into the numbers.
sunny savita: I can search the similar kind of document.
sunny savita: Possible, NASA, right? Yes, sir.
Shaik Mazeed: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
sunny savita: Will the Amaripas data have number me convert karingi, or…
sunny savita: own applications, whatever application, basically, we want to do, right? Like, document similarity search, right? Model building, or any… in any other algorithm it is being used, the data after converting into the numbers. So this is the first and the primary reason, which even I given you in the assignment.
sunny savita: To train a model.
sunny savita: Okay, and then rest of the application, whatever you think, after converting the data into the numbers.
sunny savita: Okay? So, Pura…
Shaik Mazeed: Okay.
sunny savita: Entire deep learning and machine learning generative AI is based on that only. Converter data into the numbers, Then?
sunny savita: train the model, or convert the data into the numbers, into the contextual number, contextual factor and all, and use that one. That's it.
sunny savita: Okay.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, got it. So, I have one more question related to this, what to make. Can you just go back to the previous screen? Like, you explained about that, follow for Sunny, right, that example.
Shaik Mazeed: I think 27th page, can you just go there?
sunny savita: Yeah, yeah, this, this one.
Shaik Mazeed: Yes, this one. So I want to understand, so here, follow for Sunni, right? So… so in this example, so follow for, let's suppose we have a sentence, whatever you told in the sentence, right? Here we have follow for. Our expected output would be, like, sunny. Is that what expectation?
sunny savita: Correct. This is the expectation, the actual output.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, can we give to a model this follow-on fur, so it will going to return sunny like that? What is this one? So, I didn't understand this one.
sunny savita: Based on this context, actually.
sunny savita: Sunny would be there.
sunny savita: Right?
Shaik Mazeed: Yeah, correct. Based on your context, yes, correct.
sunny savita: Now, we are teaching that thing to our model.
sunny savita: We are teaching.
Shaik Mazeed: that…
sunny savita: model, okay, follow is there, 4 is there, then maybe Sunny could be there.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay.
sunny savita: So, Sunny is being converted into the number, that is fine, but how soon?
Shaik Mazeed: sustain them.
sunny savita: context.
sunny savita: That context is being sustained using this particular data, actually.
Shaik Mazeed: let's suppose if you want to do any custom training to a model, and then… so you will give you an example like that one. Let's suppose I want to train a model, if I give follow and fur, it should return sunny.
sunny savita: Hmm.
Shaik Mazeed: Right?
sunny savita: Sorry, what you said? Can you come again, please?
Shaik Mazeed: Let's suppose if you want to train a model, okay.
sunny savita: Soon.
Shaik Mazeed: just to mention that I will provide you follow and fur, it should return certainly. So, for custom training, we can use this one, right?
sunny savita: No, no, no, no, see, actually, the main aim of this model is just to get a number, actually, not to get.
Shaik Mazeed: this panel.
sunny savita: I mean?
sunny savita: Okay. Food production-wise, there we will be, like, having different use cases. Here, the main name, basically, we are passing follow, it will be creating a vector. Maybe this vector, basically, it will be close to sunny vector.
Shaik Mazeed: Yeah.
sunny savita: sunny vector.
Shaik Mazeed: Hmm.
sunny savita: Getting my point, what I'm saying.
sunny savita: Understand over here what I'm saying. See?
sunny savita: You are saying the model training. I understood that. Let's say this is the neural network.
Shaik Mazeed: Hmm.
sunny savita: If I've given a feature, let's say, here I've given the… let's do the house price prediction, okay? So here I've given the house size.
sunny savita: Here, I've given the location.
sunny savita: And here I given what? Here I given what? Let's say, the bedroom number.
Shaik Mazeed: Hmm.
sunny savita: Now I have to predict whether the… whether I should purchase the house or not.
sunny savita: my prediction, right? So I will be giving these values, and my model is being predicted this. But just think over here, if I'm giving this number… so this processing is happening, right? In between this number is being generated, okay?
sunny savita: My end goal is what? From this model? To generate this output, right?
Shaik Mazeed: Yes.
sunny savita: But here, we're talking about this word to back and all. So, actually, we are just focusing…
sunny savita: We are just focusing, basically, based on this data, okay? We are able to teach to our model, yes, if follow is there, then.
Shaik Mazeed: Hmm.
sunny savita: Sunny would be there.
Shaik Mazeed: But this is not.
sunny savita: our end goal? No. Our end goal is just, if we are passing follow, then we want just intermediate value, this vector, which is a representation of this number, which is representation.
Shaik Mazeed: conditional.
sunny savita: this world. Okay.
Shaik Mazeed: Hmm?
sunny savita: this vector, actually, it could be near to this vector. If I'm passing sunny, okay, if I'm going to generate a vector, so follow vector and sunny vector will be having the
sunny savita: similarity. Why? Because I trained my model in such a way that in a follow context, Sunny is coming. Getting my point? That is called the…
Shaik Mazeed: politics.
sunny savita: Hurricane.
Shaik Mazeed: To have a.
sunny savita: you know, huh? Every morning.
Shaik Mazeed: totally reasonable.
sunny savita: the OpenAI model, or Google model, Every model.
Shaik Mazeed: to speak.
sunny savita: The same concept, actually.
sunny savita: But they have used that transformer architecture for that.
sunny savita: Got it.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, good. So if you have a context, if you search for something, so that modelers also have a context, it will give you better results.
sunny savita: Hmm. Here, we are just doing a training, but our…
Shaik Mazeed: clean.
sunny savita: Our final goal is not to predict Sunny. Our final goal, just to get this number, which is a representation of this particular word. That's it.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, got it. Okay.
sunny savita: Okay, you have a GPT model.
sunny savita: And you have one more model from the OpenAI text embedding model.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay.
sunny savita: this GPT model is doing. Tell me.
sunny savita: You are saying hi, it is saying, how are you?
Shaik Mazeed: How are you, yes?
sunny savita: If you're giving hi to this templating model, so it is saying, how are you to you?
Shaik Mazeed: No.
sunny savita: No. It is not saying how are you. What it is giving you, tell me.
Shaik Mazeed: We're going to give the term.
sunny savita: Numbers, so that you can use it anywhere.
Shaik Mazeed: Hmm.
sunny savita: But tests are trained care, how this model have been trained? In the same way like GPT model have been trained.
Shaik Mazeed: But…
sunny savita: You are not getting the final response out of it, you are just getting the intermediate output, that is an embedding.
Shaik Mazeed: So, M.
sunny savita: The betting is already always a intermediate output.
Shaik Mazeed: Thank you.
sunny savita: This is what I want to teach you, right?
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, yeah, got it.
Shaik Mazeed: So, I have final question. So, I was going to the prerequisites, this ML and DL, so can we directly jump into deep learning and start that one, or do we need to learn first-mission learning, then only we have to go deep learning?
sunny savita: Yeah, yeah, you can start with the deep learning also, no worries.
sunny savita: But see, what I would suggest to you, if you're learning a gen AI now, at least some of your deep learning concepts should be clear.
Shaik Mazeed: That's the reason I was thinking I want to start at the deep learning first.
sunny savita: You start the deep learning, start with the AN only, okay?
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, directly we can start deep learning and NLP both.
sunny savita: Oh, got it.
Shaik Mazeed: Machine learning not required, right?
sunny savita: not required, Matlab. If you will learn at least one or two algorithms, that would be fine, but yeah, the entire machine learning is not required, okay?
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, find that.
sunny savita: Yeah.
Shaik Mazeed: Okay, thank you, thank you, Sue, thank you so much.
sunny savita: Okay, so thank you.
sunny savita: Okay, next out is… Yeah, Krishna, any… and, Tilak.
sunny savita: Anyone is there, guys, go ahead, please.
Krishna: I said, can you hear me?
sunny savita: Yeah, I can hear you, Krishna.
Krishna: Yeah, hi. I would… I had a doubt, like, if you go to the input which we provided to the, model, page number 27.
Krishna: Or, maybe the boot which we provided. Can you go scroll to the top?
Krishna: previous slides.
Krishna: Yeah, this one'.
sunny savita: Nope.
Krishna: So here, we, can you go on one slide back, please?
Krishna: I want to see the input which we provided.
Krishna: Yeah, let's say here we are converting the input, the sentence into, vocabulary, and we are generating the vectors, based on the vocabulary, and then we are, trying to, get the… sorry, and we are taking the input and, creating this context and target, right?
Krishna: Let's say the input, which we have a repetitive word, something like,
Krishna: some word which is repeating in the same sentence. Will we consider the duplicate token as well while we're preparing the context of target here, or will we ignore it?
sunny savita: Here will be consider, inside this one, but inside the vocabulary, it will not consider.
Krishna: Yeah, okay, but we will, yeah, we will only take single, one time, and… but the input from your generating context and target, we'll consider both of them, right?
sunny savita: Where, where, sorry I didn't get, can you please come again?
Krishna: Let's say if we say… take the same sentence, following Sunday for January.
Krishna: let's say, if we say something like… something is repeating in the same sentence. Let's say if there's some sentence, say, like, following semi for January, and…
Krishna: Following, follow, Sunday for, machine learning or something.
Krishna: So the word follow and sunny are getting repeated. When we generate vocabulary, we'll only consider sane and follow one time.
sunny savita: But when we…
Krishna: Generating these context targets, but we need to consider,
Krishna: Both the reputations, right? Follow, suddenly, two times, we will consider it.
sunny savita: Yeah, yeah, it will… here, basically, we can consider that.
sunny savita: Inside this particular data, it will be, but inside the vocabulary, it won't be, okay?
Krishna: Okay, yeah, that's one doubt I have, because we are generating, based on window size, we can't ignore them. So if we ignore them, the window size will not be considered there. Yeah, that's one doubt I have, yeah. Got it. So again, can you scroll to page number 27? I have one more doubt on that.
Krishna: Yeah, he… yeah, dude.
Krishna: So here, as you said in doubt clearing,
Krishna: So here we are generating the embedding,
Krishna: based on the inputs follower and fur, and we are generating the embedding vector for Sunday.
Krishna: And we are comparing it with the actual vector, and we are… if there is any… I mean, based on the loss function, we are modifying the weights, and we are based on the gradient… gradientation, and we are bringing it as close as, I mean, we are trying to reduce the loss… loss function here. That's what you said. So,
Krishna: When you say the weights, you said, like, they are hyper… hyperparameters, and they… which… they're not constant, and which we can change it. So, when the model is a pre-trained model, like what we are using, like, the Google has generated these for us.
Krishna: So, let's, let's say how the weights are getting modified here, because the way,
Krishna: the, neurons are constantly, right? 300, and we take Google Model as an example here.
Krishna: So how the weights are going to change here, when the neurons are constant, and on what basis the weight is getting adjusted? Is it based on the gradient descent, the slope which we…
Krishna: peaky?
sunny savita: Yes, yes, yes, with the optimizer that Gideon is sent, correct.
Krishna: Okay, so on, I mean, how… how… like, how many epochs will happen? Like, do… do we have any control, like, how many epochs we need to do?
sunny savita: Well, specifically, you can keep as many as a POC. It's, again, a hyperparameter, okay?
sunny savita: So, if you wanted to see the example, I can show you that, just a second, how to train the custom Word2Bag, wait.
sunny savita: I have that particular example.
sunny savita: See, this is a custom Word2Back training.
sunny savita: So, we can load any sort of a data.
sunny savita: This is the corpus. We have pre-processed the data.
sunny savita: After that, see, we just have to take a model. See, this is our model, word-to-back model.
sunny savita: We can provide our data.
sunny savita: Okay, where it is, see this one. We can provide our data.
sunny savita: Okay, and after that, we can provide our epox.
sunny savita: So this epoch's basically just a hyperparameter. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12. In the same way, basically, they are also trained. It's a hyperparameter.
sunny savita: And, we just have to be test with a different, different number of epoch, okay?
Krishna: So, when we consider the custom model, so is it mandatory that we need to provide the epoch, or will there be any default.
sunny savita: You can provide the epoch. Epoch is always in your hand only, that's it.
Krishna: Well, let's say in your example, you said epoch is 5, like, but we are not pretty sure, like, after 5 iterations, the loss function would be the minimal. Maybe it may take some other.
sunny savita: See, whenever we… whenever we do this experiment on an enterprise level, so we… what we do, we don't do like this, 5, 6, and all. We write a huge met… a huge, like, list for that. Like this we do, actually. See, let me show you.
sunny savita: So I created a list.
sunny savita: Here, I kept the 100 values.
sunny savita: In first… see, this is the first epoch, 10 epochs will run, then it will check with a 20 epochs, 30 epochs, then it will check with a 40 epoch, 50 epoch. So this is a very tedious process. So for months only, the training is running.
sunny savita: Maybe sometime for 6 months, sometime basically for 1 year only, they are monitoring this entire thing. And then only they are making a conclusion.
sunny savita: Okay, this epoch, running epoch, set up the infrastructure for the training and all, it's not easy, sir.
sunny savita: Why every country cannot be able to create their own LLMs, their own models? Tell me.
sunny savita: Why only Google, OpenAI kind of company is able to do it? Because this is a tedious process, sir.
sunny savita: for learning, for our understanding, we can run it with 5 epoch, 10 epoch, and all, that's fine. But again, this is a very tedious process. Even they cannot make a conclusion which epoch would be good. There is a huge experiment in R&D, and the complete spike activity and all will be there in the back end, okay?
Krishna: Yeah, yeah, good.
sunny savita: Yeah.
Krishna: Yeah, okay, yeah, thank you, Cindy. That's what.
sunny savita: Thank you.
sunny savita: Okay, Krishna is done now. Next is… Tilak, are you there?
Tilak: Yes, Anne.
Tilak: So just, it's a follow-up question that actually responded to my question in the chart, so…
Tilak: So the Google embeddings have a 300 words of vector dimensions, and we are giving a 5…
Tilak: Words as input, so it's… why not, like, a custom…
Tilak: 5 embedding vector layer in, but why it is only 300.
sunny savita: So, because they all… they already trained that model, actually, no, with a 300. Now, what we can do inside?
Tilak: So it's… by default, it's, matching the 500 vector, I mean, okay.
sunny savita: See, like, like I did this spectacle, in Google Team, in the Google, like, office, there would be some developer who would be sitting, who would be training this model. They trained that model, they uploaded that, now we are using it.
Tilak: That's it.
sunny savita: Huh.
Tilak: So, if we want to customize the embeddings, we need to.
sunny savita: You can customize that. Everything is possible. You can take your data, you can customize that, you can keep your number of embedding, you can write a code from scratch for that. Everything is possible, sir.
Tilak: Okay.
sunny savita: If you wanted to show me that, wait, I can show you. Even you can check out that, see?
sunny savita: just open your Copilot, go with your…
sunny savita: System. Open the co-pilot, right over here.
sunny savita: Just write one thing. Okay, let's use this. Opus is not there. IQ, let's use IQ.
sunny savita: So what I'm asking here… Can you write what to… But… from scratch.
sunny savita: Okay, I just written one simple prompt. Can you write word to backcourt from scratch?
sunny savita: you can write your number of embedding, number of data, whatever you have. So, once you will hit enter.
sunny savita: It will give you that entire code and all. So, with any sort of a prompt, you can test it out.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: So it's checking as of now whether it can generate or not.
sunny savita: If you have paid subscription with Opus and all, you can do.
sunny savita: Okay, I have to run with this ask, actually, just a second. I can take this again, and I can ask.
sunny savita: This is not required.
sunny savita: See you, sir.
sunny savita: for a code, right? The entire code is here. Use it, see? They have… it has written the complete neural network also from scratch, maybe.
sunny savita: Alright, let me check what to bag is there.
sunny savita: Then this is the embedding dimension, window size. Just keep any dimension over here, okay? Keep any window size. Whatever you wanted to keep.
sunny savita: Okay, see, this is the entire code. So, someone has written it for us, see? Here is doing a complete training. Number of epoch, again, it is a hyperparameter, whatever you want it to write.
sunny savita: And, get a vector, you got a vector. Now, whatever you wanted to do. Okay, see?
Tilak: Makes sense. That's it.
Tilak: Yeah.
Tilak: Yeah, thank you.
sunny savita: Got it, sir? Yeah, thank you.
Tilak: Yeah, God, thank you.
sunny savita: Okay, yeah, Jyoti, please go ahead with your doubt.
Jyoti Gupta: Hi, sir, actually, I can say, that duplication is not allowed in the vocabulary, but whenever we are creating the context and target, it is allowed. Let's say if we have two match… if we have, words are match… if words are matching in two sentences, like, follow AI or follow Krishna Academy, like that.
sunny savita: So, is it… Let's see, understood, ma'am. Vocabulary creation is different, the data creation is different. Why you are combining this both thing? First of all, tell me.
Jyoti Gupta: Because, both of… No.
sunny savita: Just tell me, did I said, after creating a vocabulary, you can create that context target? Or did I set that vocabulary creation and this context and this target creation is, like, dependent to each other? Both are separate processes, ma'am.
Jyoti Gupta: Oak.
sunny savita: Don't merge that process, okay?
Jyoti Gupta: Oh, God.
sunny savita: Vocabulary creation is just to convert that token, that word, into the 1OT encoded vector. That's it.
sunny savita: Understood.
Jyoti Gupta: Okay, okay.
sunny savita: Okay, because in any way, we'll have to pass the data to the model, because model don't understand Hindi English, it just understands the numbers.
Jyoti Gupta: Correct.
sunny savita: Right?
Jyoti Gupta: So…
sunny savita: We have prepared the context target, but will you be able to provide the context target directly to the model?
Jyoti Gupta: No, we need to convert it.
sunny savita: But…
Jyoti Gupta: bundled, and…
sunny savita: You have to convert into the 1 out of encoder vector. For that, the vocabulary is required. That's it.
Jyoti Gupta: Oak.
Jyoti Gupta: Okay, thank you.
sunny savita: Thank you.
sunny savita: Okay, next out is Mohan. Go ahead, please. Guys, if you have any coding-related issue or any system setup, even Yash is also there, so just to save your time, you can check over there, okay? Just, again, I'm reminding to all of you.
sunny savita: Yes, Mohan, please go ahead.
Mohan: Hi, Sunny. So, I joined this new session, this one, first time, so just want to note that to understand the way you are
Mohan: Teaching the… what are the prerequisites for this course, other than whatever the given, like, you know, there's some of the… other than those.
sunny savita: other than this one, again, your deep learning concept, if your deep learning concepts are good, then it will help you to understand the Gen AI concept in a detail, okay? Even though, again, this is not… comes under the Gen AI, means, again, it comes under the NLP only. This, whatever we are learning now, so far, right?
sunny savita: It is a part of Advanced NLP, okay? But I'm teaching
sunny savita: concept, because it is directly related, somehow it is related to the Gen AI models and all, the transformer models and all, right? But if you want to concrete your understanding in the AI, then at least learn the generative AI, okay?
Mohan: Okay, so what are you telling me for that? We should be having some idea about the deep learning, so the concept or termology or jargons you are using?
Mohan: So that we can understand.
sunny savita: Correct. Now you.
Mohan: And what's in the deep learning resources?
Mohan: Any… do we have any Krishna, any correspond there? Deep Learning one, or what's the leader?
sunny savita: So, free one, basically, I think the prerequisite is there, right? Again, in the paid one, you can check out the Ultimate Data Science Badge, there, we'll be teaching.
sunny savita: If you have AI Subscription Pro, then you can access all the possible courses, okay?
sunny savita: Yeah.
Mohan: Okay. Okay, fine, thank you.
sunny savita: Okay, so Mohan is done. Now, any more person having doubt? Prateek, Vijay, guys, please go ahead.
sunny savita: Yes, Sandeep, I will give you the access, don't worry.
Vijay: Hey, Sunny, can you hear me?
sunny savita: Yes, I can hear you.
Vijay: Hey, how are we doing?
sunny savita: Yeah, I can hear you, doing good.
sunny savita: Please, tell me your concern, Bijay.
Vijay: Yeah, so…
sunny savita: Okay, Vijay is already there, right?
Vijay: Yes. So I have a… Unrelated question to today's class. First of all, great sessions. I've attended
Vijay: Others as well. You're by far the best.
Vijay: In the whole… Courses so far.
Vijay: Thank you so much. I have an interview coming up.
Vijay: I've been designing, Hindi meh bathroom better, huh?
sunny savita: Oh, you can talk in Hindi also.
Vijay: Acha, toh, interview array, to us experience age maker ke pipelines ke saath MLOpsio kart. But ye interview mein data bricks or snowflake pesada dian der hain.
Vijay: So, they want AWS integration with Databricks and Snowflake in AI workloads.
Vijay: So, do you have any resource, where I can learn this?
sunny savita: Databricks, I don't think, if we have completed, maybe we are thinking in future, we'll come up with one more course with Azure-specific technology, okay, Databricks and all. But right now, sir, I don't think we have… resources.
sunny savita: But yeah, it is not very difficult, what I would suggest to you, just go with the Databricks, okay?
sunny savita: Usmein aap explore career ga, ki, how to create ETLs and all, and how to use the Pyxpark and all, for what the Databricks have been created, right? Other than this, what you can do, you can understand the Databricks app ecosystem, and what all AI-related functionality has integrated over there.
sunny savita: Because recently, when I was working in one of the projects with the Databricks, so I was working with the Databricks app, actually, right? There was a specific requirement from the business end. I have to deploy my app through the Databricks apps only, okay?
sunny savita: So, wala part aap explore kar sakte hain. With that, actually, you can deploy any sort of a app, not only the ETL-related one, any stream-related React, any sort of a UI and all, okay? Or, thorough group may be Puch li jihagar ke si go databases at the experience hai, so that person can also help to you, right?
Vijay: Okay. Besides the website, Orkoi GitHub resources, or something you found useful.
sunny savita: We'll have to check, sir, because, again, like, I haven't, teach the Databricks in any of the codes, so I cannot commit that part.
sunny savita: Okay. Recently, I haven't taught, but yeah, in my… one of the other sessions I taught, I can check if anything would be there, I can share, okay? Don't worry.
Vijay: aka.
sunny savita: Yeah, sure.
Vijay: Take care.
Vijay: Thank you so much.
sunny savita: Thank you, thank you.
sunny savita: Please check in the group ones, okay? So if someone can help you with that.
Vijay: Yeah, yeah, sure.
sunny savita: Thank you. Yeah, Prateek, go ahead, Sandeep, Prateek, Manasa, anyone.
Prateek: Hello, hi, Sunny.
sunny savita: Yeah, Prati.
Prateek: Yeah, thanks for the session. I just have one question regarding to the cons of Word2Vector. Can you present that,
Prateek: The screen where we mentioned the cons.
sunny savita: Yeah, just a second, sir.
chaitanya: Bye.
sunny savita: Wait, wait, Chetany, I'll come to you. Where it went, cons, I think it went here.
Prateek: I think last time I was head.
sunny savita: Oh, this is the one.
Prateek: Okay, so yaha pe ju . So, with the different sentence, like hum finance ke saath bank leh rate varies. So, yahar embedding generate karata, lekin yaha pevert to bak mein hum cementik wala bhi context generate karte. Toh yaha pe cementik k se… it is not creating the cement
Prateek: tick, emittings, kind of, correct?
sunny savita: Word… word… bank, bank kehi accordinga.
sunny savita: Okay. Right? You can River Bank or Bank Finance, abhi sekumanning aka lekha, just a second.
sunny savita: I love machine learning.
sunny savita: Anna? It's a mojaic vector milgeh, ye average water to bag human last mah kiya generate.
sunny savita: ki?
sunny savita: So intensely car.
sunny savita: Aye?
sunny savita: low.
sunny savita: what I can write, okay.
sunny savita: I love to sit.
sunny savita: Near.
sunny savita: Riverbank.
sunny savita: Okay.
Prateek: Okay.
sunny savita: Abhimaray Lika, right?
sunny savita: leka, ki.
sunny savita: i.e.
sunny savita: Always.
sunny savita: Deposit… money.
sunny savita: in the bank.
sunny savita: Right? Abi menis, kabi vector jandate kiya.
sunny savita: Like, when I scope is per sentence quoted higher.
sunny savita: iska vector generate k, right? I generated a vector of it.
sunny savita: bank jo aya.
sunny savita: aya.
sunny savita: 1… 2, 3.
sunny savita: Right? Okay. 123 regga. To model train hoge hogya, aur humesa meher ye aega, 1, 2, 1. Toh ye kelata static vector.
Prateek: Okay.
sunny savita: Word2 backa sab seh boda dika thi tag, static vector da tabi ye transform on value technique sai. Thinka?
sunny savita: Toh ye me rahi static vector. Matlob, abi kya aura, no? Ki harek, ya.
sunny savita: Toh, abhi jab sentence ban kam meine embedding janit kiya, toh kya ua, mere pass numbers to agai. Tekin aapjya bank jeh honah ta, actually number ye na hote, is meh tochahlo 123 lekin mein chhata is mein ye na ate 123. 1, 2, 3, maybe? It could be different, right? Other than this 123.
sunny savita: Toh ye saps water akon thaiska. Ki, bhai model ig ba trained hogya joh hogya su hogya. A model liee samosakta, ki ke sentence ke respective mein am kya bat ko, ka kis vat ki amiding banar hain. Asa.
sunny savita: Got it. So, World 2 back was the static vector generation.
sunny savita: GPT siya posthail.
sunny savita: Kapu still?
sunny savita: Mujay Machine Learning Padaw. Okay, someone is saying, please speak in English, fine. So, let's say you are asking to chat GPT, hi, how are you?
sunny savita: Okay, how are you, buddy?
sunny savita: If, let's say, if you are asking.
sunny savita: Right? You are asking, and I'm asking. Now, tell me.
sunny savita: The answer?
Prateek: The same context answer, yeah.
sunny savita: Answer would be different in every… every ask at school.
sunny savita: If you're asking, if I'm asking, let's say for you it will be…
Prateek: Yeah, sorry.
sunny savita: Hi, how are you? For me, it can say, hi buddy, how are you? What are you doing? Something like that, right?
Prateek: book.
sunny savita: So, chat GPT generating a response dynamically, how this behavior is possible, because it is able to understand this context of the sentence.
sunny savita: According to that, it is able to transform the output, the generated output. Getting my point, right? Look, we have removed that aesthetic constant from the model.
Prateek: Okay, and so muchi to samajaya, lekin, jaise hum semantic… so embedding a core concept was to generate the semantics, of any of the vectors, or let's say the sentences, or the.
sunny savita: A semantic, we were able to get a semantic, but not onto the direct…
Prateek: Not a dynamic one, but, correct. Okay, so other…
sunny savita: future ki problems ni solve, hi LLM ja se model ka bin niapate, agaramisi pad raya, ito.
Prateek: Okay, so agar ik corpus meini ig bar di ausko, VTU VECO. So, us corpus mein eigvert wo us corpus ke regarding he static karaka, if I'll…
Prateek: Change the corpus, then again, a new semantic will be generated, which is very…
sunny savita: Sir, think, this problem is not very scalable. This solution is not very scalable, actually, neural network is not very scalable itself. For that, we want some scalable architecture, like transformer.
Prateek: what is the specific use of it, was to generate the semantic with respect to one of the corpus, and later we can scale it up, let's say jo, transform mein paper, like, the initial input itself would be the
Prateek: reading of it, initially.
Prateek: And then from Vaha, say, ham log, usko learnkarken, we can make it dynamic, and the further use cases of it.
sunny savita: Correct, correct, you are right, no.
Prateek: Okay, okay. Second question miray tha, ki jo, what two vector tha, when I was, looking into it. So, just say hum 100 dimension data hai, toh hidden layer mira iki retain 100 dimension will have, 100 neurons in it, correct?
Prateek: So, egg neuron, egg y dimension become karega. And this is how, for what to expect, we have limited it to the 300 dimensions. So, let's say, egg hidden layer mein max to max hamare pass, 300 e Hongge. Not more than 300, correct?
sunny savita: In the Google model, they cap 300. You can keep even more than that, actually.
Prateek: Oh, okay.
sunny savita: I shown to someone. Okay, let me ask to this model.
sunny savita: Can I… Create. My… Word2B model.
sunny savita: With 500 dimension.
sunny savita: If yes… Then say yes.
sunny savita: And give me that code.
sunny savita: And please highlight.
sunny savita: a highlight.
sunny savita: Which part?
sunny savita: We need two.
sunny savita: focus.
sunny savita: to understand.
sunny savita: the dimension.
sunny savita: Of the model, okay?
sunny savita: dimensional embedding.
sunny savita: See, it will generate a code. It will give you the code, you can check out that, see what it is saying.
sunny savita: Yes, it is, absolutely. You can create your own word-to-pec model, the 500 dimension, using GenSIM.
sunny savita: Here, I've given you the GenSim. Honestly, it has used the GenSim library only. What 2 back is there? No, see, sentence is there, vector size. See, vector size isn't mentioned? No, this one.
sunny savita: Windows minimum count and olive. So, yeah, it is possible.
Prateek: That will be… okay, okay.
sunny savita: model.
Prateek: So, abhi dak hum jitna bh yahan peart ai, and this is just to basically generate the tokens, if I'll, at the broader level, if I want to talk. So, we are basically,
Prateek: trying to understand, like, these are the techniques used to generate the tokens, and then those tokens will be further used for your, let's say, LLM transformer, and the other models.
sunny savita: No, no, not tokens. We are learning all these things to convert our data into the numbers.
Prateek: Okay, but how many jo numbers generate karte hain, that won't be as used as a token, correct? Because Ahamara corpus, or let's say Johan sentence, that will be changed.
sunny savita: So, understand, tokens allag hain, numbers allah gi hain, whether tokens ke ahua, tokens keh, word hua?
Prateek: Okay, okay, take it, take it.
sunny savita: We just did.
Prateek: session may use kiata to, I have noted down somewhere, wo merco kiya nita, but now I got it.
sunny savita: Opening
sunny savita: token calculator. Okay.
Prateek: J.
sunny savita: y aapalika.
sunny savita: Just keep in mind… Name is Sani.
sunny savita: My escape token button. See, this is the token.
sunny savita: Okay. You see, you have 34 token, 150 character.
sunny savita: So, token means SRIF data ko, lobi data diamond token mada, bird meh karmat karde. Abda ko humday token may convert kaya ya.
Prateek: vocabulary jovanate, I'm local.
sunny savita: aapne data.
sunny savita: Kesakya awe. Yemen repa sentenced. I wanted to learn machine learning. Simple sa kustok kiata, the mere repa sentence. Sprit lahati aka.
sunny savita: So, joobhi spaces honge basis.
Prateek: Okay, yeah.
Prateek: So, thank you.
sunny savita: Okay, thank you.
Sandeep Saboo: Sonny, I'll go next.
sunny savita: Yeah, exactly.
Sandeep Saboo: Oops.
Sandeep Saboo: So, I'll also go in Hindi, actually, more comfortable. So, basically, Joe, hidden layer,
Sandeep Saboo: Just for an example, just say,
Sandeep Saboo: follow for, and then sunny. So, hidden layer is, like, three dimensions right now. Lake Inn…
Sandeep Saboo: Would depend karega k, hidden layer ki size k, okay, will depend on the window size, right?
Sandeep Saboo: Is that correct? It will be expected.
sunny savita: That window size is different, just to prepare a data. That hidden size is different, okay?
Sandeep Saboo: So, suppose…
sunny savita: Window size, basically, just to prepare a data, just to gather the context, actually. Context and target, that's it.
Sandeep Saboo: Okay.
sunny savita: Okay? And hidden size, basically, how many neurons will be there inside the hidden site? That is a different thing, right?
Sandeep Saboo: So, neurons are basically the number of words and context that are getting formed, right? Isn't it?
sunny savita: No, context, basically, which is being passed to the model. That's it.
sunny savita: And that mod… that context is being processed by the… from the header layer, and the header layer size could be anything, that's it.
Sandeep Saboo: Right.
sunny savita: You… you don't… you haven't learned the neural network? Ever?
Sandeep Saboo: No, I have gone through the supervisor.
sunny savita: Explain that, see, wait. So, let's say… I have an input.
Sandeep Saboo: Listen.
sunny savita: our data.
sunny savita: Inside the data what I have, let's say I have to predict the house price.
sunny savita: Have you heard about this, use case?
Sandeep Saboo: size, yeah, location, size, model.
sunny savita: So let's say I have a feature. X1 feature is a location.
sunny savita: X2 feature is what? Let's say bedrooms, something like that, you can say.
sunny savita: X3 feature is what, let's say.
sunny savita: What I can write here.
Sandeep Saboo: Size of… size of the…
sunny savita: Size, right? Size, huh? So, Y is going to be what? Y is going to be price.
sunny savita: Okay, good.
sunny savita: A mirror neural network hai. Kitney features hai, how many features inside the input?
sunny savita: 3, right?
sunny savita: 3 features would be pass. 1, 2, 3, okay? This is the location, this is the bedroom, this is the size.
sunny savita: This is mine.
sunny savita: hit earlier.
sunny savita: Okay. Okay.
sunny savita: This is my output layer.
sunny savita: Now, how many neurons we have inside the header layer?
Sandeep Saboo: 2.
sunny savita: Cool.
sunny savita: Is it depend on this feature?
sunny savita: No. Can I keep 200? Yes, you can keep 200 also over here. No one is stopping you.
sunny savita: So, you can keep 200 over here.
sunny savita: Right? You… can you… can you keep…
sunny savita: Here, how many header layer we have? We have one hidden layer. Can we keep 100 hidden layer? Yes, you can keep even 100 hidden layer.
sunny savita: no one is stopping you. In that case also, the data will be proceed.
sunny savita: So, as many as headal layer you can keep, as many as neuron you can keep.
sunny savita: Getting my point.
sunny savita: It is irrespective of the data which we are passing.
sunny savita: Now come to your… now come to our example.
sunny savita: Okay.
sunny savita: So, inside our example, what we have, if you will check with our example, see.
sunny savita: This is fine, this is fine.
sunny savita: Yeah, this is our context.
sunny savita: This is our target, okay? Sunny, follow for… could be anything over here.
sunny savita: So my import size is going to be change only.
sunny savita: Right? My input size is going to be changed according to this given context and all.
sunny savita: Okay, vocabulary size is different, then this vector will be changed.
sunny savita: Right? If we have, inside the context, if we have more than 2, then this vector number also will be changed. As of now, I have 2, right? But this, basically, it's up to you, just to process the data.
Sandeep Saboo: Okay.
sunny savita: So, input based on the given input back, input column, output, basically, based on that output one, right? Whether my output is a binary, or maybe categorical, something like that, or basically it's a regressive output, okay, numerical output.
sunny savita: But ye hidden layer toh hamari auchne hotay. Neural network aap purpose ye ita, ki hidden layer ke helps se, context ko break karke output nikal na.
sunny savita: Toh jetna jada hidel layer akoge jetna number of neurons, utna jyada context break, okay, Utna jyada ushme seh, it will fetch the context, and wo aapko acha output dera. Toh deep network mein acha output meltay aga data bhi aapna acha badahu, asa.
Sandeep Saboo: Hmm.
sunny savita: Okay? So, ye chi humes aapke a hotme retaisko ketna bhi karsek, ko e ki kar doa aapchalayga, per bhi past kartega data aura aapka output dehanika.
Sandeep Saboo: Excellent. Okay.
sunny savita: Okay.
Sandeep Saboo: totally… it's dependent on the.
sunny savita: neural network mein, right? Vanishing gradient, exploding gradient. That's why neural network understanding is required, sir, okay? From first day only, I am forcing. Learn at least neural network.
sunny savita: Because that is a base of the entire deep learning. You can build an application, that is fine, but if you wanted to understand those things, how it is actually working, if you wanted to call yourself as an AI engineer, LLM engineer, or a real data scientist, then that knowledge is required, sir.
Sandeep Saboo: Oh, many years ago, actually. So, gradient, descent, and…
sunny savita: Understand with this perspective, your, like, idea will be more clear. See, we are learning the concept, but we are not doing the practical. That is the biggest thing, right? Biggest, like, issue, and the biggest gap in our learning. So I would suggest you perform the practical also, okay?
Sandeep Saboo: Okay, okay. Next question, there are two more questions, actually. The next question, ultimately, you output generate hotay, right, in the form of mathematical numbers jovi militai apto. Sir, that goes up into a broader
Sandeep Saboo: context, right? Jub bada data set hotay, usme permitation or combination kili kam mein aathai wo, right?
Sandeep Saboo: So, suppose, for an example, I go to bank for depositing the money, right? And then I am sitting near the river bank.
Sandeep Saboo: So, bank donaset ki is mein, abjasa eka vector hoge path, eka vector hoge supposed shared.
Sandeep Saboo: So, upper body data set kan dan mein baitke, fir baar mein permitation aur combination karne gili kam meatae, right?
Sandeep Saboo: Is that a correct understanding?
sunny savita: Nick, which permutation combination? Sorry, I didn't get…
Sandeep Saboo: So suppose, abhi dataset hot hai jiske par LLM train hay, correct?
sunny savita: Hmm.
Sandeep Saboo: You model train, okay?
Sandeep Saboo: Ushkandar dataset can have any kind of statements, right?
sunny savita: Hmm.
Sandeep Saboo: Through this training model, it will basically understand the context where a bank is being used, or any particular sentence is being used, right?
sunny savita: Correct.
Sandeep Saboo: permutation or combination ki uppers gen AI kutka output generated karta, right?
sunny savita: Yes,
sunny savita: Yes, just see, look for more sessions, sir. Maybe this question, this understanding will be more clear, okay? As of now, I'm not able to understand, like, what you're asking in terms of permutation combinations.
Sandeep Saboo: So see, ultimately the generated output in the form of mathematical numbers.
Sandeep Saboo: This can only be used within the context.
Sandeep Saboo: Or it will be leveraged, that statement will be leveraged in a bigger dataset for generating a more context-based response to the query.
sunny savita: Research generation process is completely different. It goes from the supervised learning only, but again, there we are doing a next prediction… next token prediction.
sunny savita: Okay, so that is an autoregressive process. For that, actually, you will have to understand a GPT. How does it work, GPT model.
sunny savita: That was only the first model which, implemented this generation process in a bell manner.
sunny savita: there was two models. BERT was there, mass language modeling, and the second, basically, generative, which works on an autoregressive modeling. Okay, so this generation process, it completely depends on the autoregression, next token prediction.
sunny savita: Okay, it is also supervised learning. For this permutation combination and all, I think, see, just wait for a couple of more sessions, maybe your understanding understanding will be clear, okay?
Sandeep Saboo: Yeah, could be. Through a last question, Word2A called transformer y jitneavi model seh, right? So, Google was actually behind all of this.
Sandeep Saboo: or her company, basically, EA type K model used to revert to a transformer.
sunny savita: Hmm.
Sandeep Saboo: So, why Google was late in introducing AI and, still behind OpenA and, Anthropic? Like, these guys are ahead, and why did it… I mean, do you have just a general question, actually.
sunny savita: So, Google already… see, Google has already introduced so many things in AI, okay, before the OpenAI itself.
sunny savita: Right? But we can say OpenAI basically…
sunny savita: they came up with a refined version of the AI, actually, right?
sunny savita: Google has launched the transformer. Transformer to useka technology hai. Google has launched BERT. Kit this array model launch ki, kitna sara chiro ko open source ke ham community keel. Right? GPT launch ke a OpenAI na usna open source naik ya.
sunny savita: So we can say, ki, Google Nekam Kia, Google Kam Karbi rah hai, but OpenAI, basically, ushot, refine women kiya. Maybe Google are focusing on other hundred things, but maybe OpenAI focusing on this one particular thing.
sunny savita: help kar raheit.
sunny savita: other tech giant, Microsoft, Elon Musk, Kitin Sarijaga Invest PRI, right? So, we look, even on a government level, they are helping to them, right? To push all this, actually this, application into the market, right?
sunny savita: Aussi company mein.
sunny savita: So, it's SA name. Sorry, SA always start up nuclear, right? So…
sunny savita: That model, basically, is better than this? OpenAI, I mean, the GPT model, in terms of so many things. The coding working with the wallet side. So, use Karaoke Cloud ecosystem, use Kuroge Cloud Code, Opus Lover, use Kuroge, it's very good compared to the GPT model.
sunny savita: what all, like, hands are there and behind them.
sunny savita: Okay.
Sandeep Saboo: Okay.
sunny savita: Then go through with that,
Sandeep Saboo: Right, right. Rag is now getting old, there is some new model.
sunny savita: Real ground power kiji, that is fine, okay? Okay.
sunny savita: Yeah, thank you. Okay, next out is Shobake, and Jagai.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: It's fixed.
sunny savita: Wait, Naresh… Yeah, yeah, I go in, right? Yeah, yeah, please go ahead, sir.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: I have a couple of questions. The first question is, how… okay, you mentioned that a dynamic hidden value can be a dynamic number, right? So, how we would know, like, what hidden number we need to put? See, let's take we have some word, we convert it into…
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Vocabulary, and then, we did that window sizing and etc.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: And we provided that input, like, for example, follow on fire, and we want that expected output, let's take tomorrow… today is sunny, like, tomorrow it can be anything, right? In that we are introducing some hidden parameter to determine… to get that… break that context and get that desired output.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: So, how I would… what is the best practices to mention, like, how much hidden value is required to break that context and get the desired output while you're training our models?
sunny savita: Okay, so 10. 10 would be the best one, sir.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: No, sir, see.
sunny savita: Listen to me, sir. I said 10. How did you believe on that 10?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Yeah, exactly, that's part of my question, like.
sunny savita: I can say 11, right? How you would believe on that? Let's say
sunny savita: 12. So, that's what I'm explaining. Sir, it is a hyperparameter. No one can decide that value.
sunny savita: Okay, even whoever has invented that, that person also said it's a hyperparameter.
sunny savita: Have you learned the machine learning? Have you done the hyperparameter tuning? Have you ever played with a random grid search, sorry, random CV search CV, or grid search CV, something like that?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: No.
sunny savita: No, right? No, right? So this concept, actually, it is directly related from there only.
sunny savita: Right? Hyperparameter tuning.
sunny savita: In a hyperparameter tuning, basically what we do, so scientists, data scientists, or machine learning engineer, or deep learning engineer, they provide the estimated value, means some experimental value. Let's say I provided 50, 100, 100, 120, 30, something like that, right? Then my model is getting trained. Then I will get a graph.
sunny savita: Okay, on my.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: You know.
sunny savita: what would be there? Okay, with 50-50, I was getting this much accuracy. Then 100, I was getting this much accuracy. I will analysis that graph, the accuracy graph and all, and based on that, I will make a conclusion. Okay, so somewhere I can keep the value between 70, 80, and maybe I might get a good accuracy. Something like that, right?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: I see, so based on the output, you change that number?
sunny savita: Huh.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: We'll derive to that.
sunny savita: Correct, correct. The analysis is the accuracy, right?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: I see. My next question is, like, well, we'll conduct general question, though. So you are taking the questions based on the rising hands in the order, right?
sunny savita: No, sir, no order. Whoever is raising head, I'm taking all those questions, okay?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: I mean, that… that… considering the person's… the order of the person who raised, or we were picking randomly.
sunny savita: No, Zoom is not showing me any kind of alphabetical order and all, okay? Okay. I don't know on what basis it's doing a sorting, basically, of this razor.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Generally, it starts, like, whoever rises the first, first come first, through best.
sunny savita: No… see, sir, even you won't know who is raising first. Someone is raging from 8 o'clock itself, actually. So I don't know, like, on which basis it is, like, doing that.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay, so you're picking randomly then, huh?
sunny savita: Means I am putting from the first, or someone, and sometime, like, picking from the end as well, okay?
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Oh, okay, okay. Keep your hand off?
sunny savita: Just keep your hand up, your chance will come, that's it.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay, keep your hands up, and basically why, like, I have a small question, I have to wait for 3 hours to get.
sunny savita: No, just write in the chat, sir, pick me directly, means I have a small question. I will take you, okay? Don't worry.
Ethamukkala, Narasaiah: Okay, yeah, thank you, Si. I'm good.
sunny savita: Yeah, so…
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Did you know?
sunny savita: wait, wait, Sabic. Selandra, please go ahead. Yeah.
Shailendra: I have a very general question. So, for this interview preparation, do we need to learn DSA also, or…
Shailendra: Is this… This is a very general, general question.
Shailendra: Actually, I'm preparing for that parallelly. So DSA round will be also, they will expect from us… Or which company?
sunny savita: What are you preparing, sir?
Shailendra: No, not for a specific company, it's for product-based companies. The GNEI engineer, generally, they will expect, or not, just that…
sunny savita: So, company-wise, it depends, actually.
Shailendra: Okay.
sunny savita: Okay, so if you have a… so just ask, what I would suggest, you just ask with the HR, or just check out with the description of that, sorry, that resume.
sunny savita: description and… sorry, that, job description and all, right? So, I think they have mentioned over there the strong system design knowledge, coding knowledge, right? And it depends on the company also. Say, if there is a good company, some, like, top-tire companies.
sunny savita: So, in that interview question, they just… in the interview, basic process, they just… they generally ask about the DSE and all, okay?
sunny savita: So, my one of the friends recently, he got selected in, Amazon, right? So, he given two interviews in, for the TSA, two rounds for the TSA, then only he came up for the machine learning and all, right? Okay. So…
sunny savita: if you're giving interview, let's say in Deloitte, in maybe some other company, okay, Accenture and all, so they might not ask you the DSA, they will ask you the simple programming question, and the project-related question, the core skill set, and all that stuff.
Shailendra: Product-based company, generally, they will laugh, right?
sunny savita: investment.
Shailendra: Actually, I'm already working in product-based company. I have around 10 years of experience. I worked on low-code platform and Java.
Shailendra: So, now I'm learning Python, so I just have that query. So, how much in-depth DSA question I should have means I have to do. It's a medium level.
Shailendra: So that I… A lot of queries, because you usually take the interview, so…
sunny savita: For good companies, sir, you will have to prepare, maybe.
Shailendra: we have to prepare, right? That's that mindset, because first two rounds will be always DSA, then only it will come AI.
sunny savita: Because they always check your logic and knowledge, so that only DSA helps them, right?
Shailendra: Right, right. Correct. Okay. Yeah, that's it. Thank you, thank you.
sunny savita: Thank you, Selene. Yes, Shobik, please go ahead.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Yes, my question is very small. Can I share my screen?
sunny savita: Yes, you can share.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, so, Sunny, the assignment that we have done, this is the Alexa review things. So, I have submitted two assignments. The previous one was on the synthetic data, and then I got the real data, and then today only I have submitted. Now, for the assignment, what I have done is that I have removed these records, because
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: These are emojis and stars. So now the point is that these emojis and stars are strong signals for a positive or negative sentiment, right? So now, my point is that if the reviews or text contains emojis or this kind of thing, then how to handle that?
sunny savita: You can convert even this emoji and star also into the numbers, okay? Or you can give any, what you can do. You can give any label to them.
sunny savita: Okay.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, but should that be manually? Like, if there are so many things, or there is any package, or…
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Something is there which can leverage it.
sunny savita: Yes, sir, there is a package, I think it is being handled in the NLTK also, in the specie also, right? So, actually, see, what is an emoji? It's a raw input, right?
sunny savita: And what model understands? Model understands are numbers.
sunny savita: Right?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Numbers.
sunny savita: So, let's say if there is a smiley mosey, so the person is happy. If the angry mosey is there, the person is angry and all.
sunny savita: So, what you can do, you can provide a number encoding, labels you can provide, like, happy will be 0, sad will be 1, angry will be 2, love would be 3, 4, something like that, right? So, you can provide labels like that, manual labels, actually, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Okay, and I have understood on the manual level. My only question is that, suppose if there are, let's say, 10,000 reviews where these emojis has come, then it cannot be done manually, right?
sunny savita: So, scale, for that, we have a libraries, no? You can use the label encoder library from the scikit-learn
sunny savita: Okay, there is an emoji…
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: What's in the gym.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Level encoder.
sunny savita: yeah, label encoder from the scikit-learn. There is an emoji also. Just search about the emoji library in the Python. So, that will also give you the automatic, so let me show you that just a bit. I can share my screen.
sunny savita: I can show you through the co-pilot itself, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Yep.
sunny savita: Let's see, here I'm asking.
sunny savita: What is Emoji Library?
sunny savita: in Python.
sunny savita: Provide to use that.
sunny savita: Sweet.
sunny savita: See, emoji is a library.
sunny savita: to add the visual appeal to the output, sentiment analysis, text preprocessing, chat appliances, data labeling. See, it is for the data labeling, right?
sunny savita: So we've installed emoji, emoji is there, right? So you will, pass any sort of emoji, it will give you that, it will give you the… what it will give you, it will give you the text, text information out of that particular emoji.
sunny savita: Getting my point. So you can convert into that, and then you can convert into the number, that's it.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Yeah, once it is converted into the text, anyway, we are doing MBT.
sunny savita: So use this emoji library, this one.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Cool, cool, good, cool. Another, another thing I just want to ask, like, means…
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: you are going very good, like, we are understanding everything. And also, I understand the, the pace, because, mixed, people are there, right? Mixed kind of a audience is there. I just want to just, ask that, whatever the timeline we have, 6 to 7 months, this kind of thing, so are we going,
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: means in online, or we are going, a little, like, a little slow? Just to understand from you.
sunny savita: No, sorry I didn't get you, what you asked.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: So my point is that the… you are going as a very standard space and all, because of the mix of the people, means probably I have some experience, so I can feel a little slow, or someone can feel it is a little speed, or okay, but my only ask is that
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Given the timeline of 6 or 7 months that we have, do you think that we are… we are on track?
sunny savita: Yeah, yeah, definitely, sir. We are on track only. This is not our first course.
sunny savita: how many courses I took? You know, I completed 5 to 6 courses like this.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Oh, okay, okay, no, complete trust on you, have complete trust on me. Thank you. Thank you.
sunny savita: Nessa. Thank you.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Or, Sunny, one thing is that, I have submitted two, so just take the second one. The second one on the real data.
sunny savita: Yeah, I'm including that, don't worry. Anyhow, you will get that, either in the assignment or in my practical, okay, don't worry.
sunny savita: So, practical, I always keep simple. I don't include very heavy thing and all, but yeah, in projects, you might get that, okay?
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: No, no, I am saying the assignment that I have submitted, there are two assignments. The one that I have submitted today, that is on the real data. So, please take that, you can ignore the previous one, because.
sunny savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, okay, got it. My team will check that, okay, don't worry.
Sauvik Chattopadhyay: Oh, thank you, thank you.
sunny savita: Yeah, any more person having doubt? Amit, Kali, Rajmo, or Sandeep? Yeah, Amit, please go ahead. Yes. Please go ahead.
Amit Bhatnagar: Yeah, thanks, honey, I appreciate your time. I have, two questions.
Amit Bhatnagar: So when you're talking about,
Amit Bhatnagar: Actually, let me pull that up. So when you're talking about OHT, right?
sunny savita: So…
Amit Bhatnagar: And you were talking about it's really independent of the input sentence, per se, it's only dependent on the vocabulary.
Amit Bhatnagar: So, could we just generate a static OHT from the English dictionary and use it across all use cases?
sunny savita: No, I didn't get it, sorry.
Amit Bhatnagar: So if you go back to that slide, it'll probably make more sense.
sunny savita: Okay, wait, I'm sharing the screen.
sunny savita: Fuck.
sunny savita: Yeah, which one?
Amit Bhatnagar: Where you… where we were talking about the difference between the, skipgram and SIBO, right? Here, you were talking about, how the OHT is generated from the vocabulary.
Amit Bhatnagar: Right? So, here…
Amit Bhatnagar: if the vocab… if the OHT is not dependent on the, sentence itself, and only on the vocabulary, can we have, like, a…
Amit Bhatnagar: one superset vocabulary, with all words in the English dictionary, and generate the OHT one time.
sunny savita: Yes, yes, yes, sir, yes. Anyway, at one single time, you will follow only one approach, either SIBO or skip graph. You cannot follow it together, actually.
Amit Bhatnagar: It is a food…
sunny savita: two different methods for the training. But yeah, you are correct. You will only be generating this one or ten coding one single time only, okay?
Amit Bhatnagar: Okay.
Amit Bhatnagar: So, no…
Amit Bhatnagar: Okay, so the second, actually, related question is, now, in SkipCrap, I think somebody else had asked a related question, that you could have multiple,
Amit Bhatnagar: Inputs with the same word, right?
sunny savita: Boom.
Amit Bhatnagar: So, how is that conflict resolved?
sunny savita: Same word, means you are saying… Oh…
Amit Bhatnagar: For example, for example, I can say, I love AI, and
Amit Bhatnagar: Also love, machine learning.
Amit Bhatnagar: Right? Now, the word love…
Amit Bhatnagar: We'll have, the… in the skipgram, the word love will have two entries.
sunny savita: Hmm, hmm.
Amit Bhatnagar: So how will that conflict be resolved when it's… we're trying to translate that?
sunny savita: No, that, actually, in that way only, it is working. See, let me show you, I have the diagram also.
sunny savita: Maybe in the next class, I'll show you that. I capped it in my rough notebook.
sunny savita: See, can you see this diagram?
Amit Bhatnagar: Yes.
sunny savita: This is for the skipgram, actually.
sunny savita: Today, I was about to show you that, but I'll show you tomorrow. See, one word is passing.
sunny savita: Okay? Then this is my hidden layer, then 2 is output, 2 is output over here. In the SIBO, one output was there, no? In escape ground, 2 output is there.
sunny savita: Likewise, we could have multiple, actually.
sunny savita: Cutting my point.
Amit Bhatnagar: Okay.
Amit Bhatnagar: So if there is, if there are two entries, or would you just be appending all the targets in that context?
sunny savita: Yes, correct.
sunny savita: So this would be the, like, target only. As many as words could be there, even 10, 15, whatever number of words. Like, laws will be calculated like this only, okay?
Amit Bhatnagar: Okay, okay, got it.
Amit Bhatnagar: Excellent. Well, thank you. I think that was…
sunny savita: Yeah.
Amit Bhatnagar: Basically, my question. Okay, one related question also, sorry. Earlier, you were talking about the hidden layer, it's independent of number of dimensions, or is it dependent on the number of dimensions?
sunny savita: You're not alone.
Amit Bhatnagar: roots.
sunny savita: it's, independent, actually. In one hidden layer, you can keep as many as neuron, actually, right? As many as hidden layer, as many as neuron.
Amit Bhatnagar: No, no. So, let's say I have one hidden layer, just like Google did. Will the number of neurons depend on number of dimensions?
sunny savita: Yes, correct. As I told you.
Amit Bhatnagar: So…
sunny savita: The dimension of the hidden layer is equal to dimension of the… Dimension of the vector.
sunny savita: No, what you said, can you please come again? You said something, numbers and all, right?
Amit Bhatnagar: Will the number of neurons in the hidden layer depend on the number of dimensions or number of features?
sunny savita: Yes, correct.
sunny savita: misdi.
Amit Bhatnagar: So there's a one-to-one mapping.
sunny savita: Hmm, hmm.
sunny savita: Right. So for every feature.
Amit Bhatnagar: We'll have one neuron.
sunny savita: feature, we have one neuron. Just a second, let me share the screen. Let's imagine this thing better.
sunny savita: Means, what you are saying here.
sunny savita: You're saying, let's say, we have this…
sunny savita: hidden neuron, right? That's the 4 we have.
sunny savita: No.
sunny savita: what you said? Numbers of?
Amit Bhatnagar: So,
Amit Bhatnagar: I'm… in my mind, again, you can correct me if I'm wrong, each of these neurons is mapping to one feature. So, when I get an input, it essentially translates that input and equates that input to, what is.
sunny savita: Actually, see, what is happening? Correct. Let's say this is my input, right?
sunny savita: This, all the input will go to this neuron.
Amit Bhatnagar: Right.
sunny savita: There will be a processing, right?
sunny savita: So, we will be having one.
sunny savita: vector.
sunny savita: Then this will go to the next one.
sunny savita: will be…
Amit Bhatnagar: Right.
sunny savita: Next vector. Next from here. Yes. Next from here.
sunny savita: So the final one, basically, it would be average of this.
sunny savita: like this.
Amit Bhatnagar: Right, right. So, the question is, for each of these neurons, does it map to one feature, or one dimension?
Amit Bhatnagar: Like, in this case, is it 4… is it translating to four dimensions, or four.
sunny savita: features. Oh, oh.
sunny savita: No, that is fine… different, sir. See?
sunny savita: That context is being passed, that is fine.
sunny savita: But whatever feature is there, right?
sunny savita: That we don't know, actually. Means, we will not be able to get which features would be this one. We are just relying on this dimension, that's it. The actual name of the feature, we will not get. It is related to which word, or which, basically, context, okay?
Amit Bhatnagar: Nini, so maybe I'll, measure the Hindi may push down. So, aapka jo her neuron, just say aapka jo examples now,
sunny savita: Oops.
Amit Bhatnagar: House search wall, location here, size, number of bedrooms here.
Amit Bhatnagar: Toh muje juj mein ke aapke jo hidden layer, usme har neuron, ek feature ko leki usko evaluate karta hai. Jase keys.
sunny savita: Name, name, sorry, son.
Amit Bhatnagar: Palawa location.
sunny savita: ye mira vector e.
sunny savita: Jatini, B… So, is maybe puri calculation hogi?
sunny savita: Ismeh bhi puri calculation ongi, sorry. Is meh bhuri calculation hungi, sorry. Ha. Toh assani ekk feature ek neuron ko dedicated.
Amit Bhatnagar: Okay, okay.
Amit Bhatnagar: Ticket, HubSpot react.
sunny savita: No.
Amit Bhatnagar: Thank you. Best of all.
sunny savita: Thank you.
Amit Bhatnagar: Thank you so much.
sunny savita: Yeah, thank you.
sunny savita: Okay, Kali Raj, what's your doubt? Please go ahead.
kaliraj p: Yeah, hi, Sunny. Sunny, what is your name?
sunny savita: Yeah, yeah, you're audible.
kaliraj p: Actually, you said, similar, for example, in result, if we are getting similar, 2 or 2 or 3 more, result.
kaliraj p: Matching, then how the vector will, provide the, output.
kaliraj p: For example, in that, example, follow,
kaliraj p: it will match with the Sunil, right? That's what we saw in the sample.
kaliraj p: In case of, if it is matching 2 or 3,
kaliraj p: Then, how it will… which result we'll get.
sunny savita: So it is trained on that data now only. That's… because of that only, it is able to… as of now, I've just shown you very small data, but in real time, we would be having a huge data now, so…
sunny savita: So it can capture those words. See, in real time, we are not keeping window size 1, 2, like this. We're having a huge context size, sometimes 9, 10 will be the minimum one, and 20, 30. So it is able to catch up that context regarding the other word also.
kaliraj p: Oh, yeah.
sunny savita: Okay.
kaliraj p: Okay, and, can you please, relate page number 22 and 27?
kaliraj p: In the, in.
sunny savita: Just a sec.
kaliraj p: So, actually, in, page number 22, you said, that context and target these things, right?
kaliraj p: And how it is related to page number 27?
sunny savita: To ask clearly, Lina, what you wanted to ask.
kaliraj p: No, no, I, I'm able to understand separate, separately. For example, page number, 22, you said, words, we will first, step by step, you said,
kaliraj p: In, yeah, this, in this, slide. We are, splitting context and target.
kaliraj p: Right.
kaliraj p: And… and, in page number 27, you said the example followed.
kaliraj p: Yeah, I'll maybe be able…
kaliraj p: No, ilon, Yeah, this one, this one, this one also, yeah.
kaliraj p: So, I couldn't, map with, that page number 22 and 27 here.
kaliraj p: That's what I'm asking,
kaliraj p: So, first of all, why we are splitting as a context under output target, and then how it is related to here.
sunny savita: It is related to here, actually, for training the model, no.
sunny savita: This is the… This is what? This is my input words.
kaliraj p: Is this output our target words, or else context, this follow-up?
sunny savita: Huh, this is my context word, this is my context input what? This is my output word.
sunny savita: So I first, I prepare a data, then I train the model, that's it.
kaliraj p: Okay.
sunny savita: This is the step where we are going to be trained that. You can say it is a step 5, this one.
kaliraj p: Okay, step 5, okay, okay, this is what the main question… yeah, okay, okay, got it.
sunny savita: No.
sunny savita: Thank you.
sunny savita: Yeah, Doipal, if you're there, please go ahead.
Dwipal: Alright. Hi, Sunny.
Dwipal: So, my doubt is, will it, let's say, while training work-to-week model, in our data.
Dwipal: Some word appeared two times. Let's say sunny appeared 2 times.
Dwipal: So I… if I'm not wrong, there will be, vector generated… calculated for, this name will be 2 times…
Dwipal: Right?
sunny savita: Vector will be… sorry?
Dwipal: Vector cal… the vector will be, 2 times it will be generated, right?
sunny savita: If we will generate 2 times, it will be generated 2 times.
Dwipal: Right. Then… When we fetch, what's a name?
Dwipal: From the trained, model.
Dwipal: How it will be managed, because there will be two… Vectors related to sunny.
Dwipal: I hope I'm able to explain it properly. So, using…
sunny savita: No, okay, go ahead.
Dwipal: You are saying… Wait, wait, wait. You are calculating red vectors.
sunny savita: You are saying… Just a second.
sunny savita: You have a model.
sunny savita: And using this model, what I'm doing.
sunny savita: Let's say I'm going to generate a word of the sunny.
sunny savita: This is the vector of the sunny.
Dwipal: Alright.
sunny savita: Now, if I'm… Writing over here.
sunny savita: model.
sunny savita: more similar.
sunny savita: Now, here I'm writing Sunny.
Dwipal: No, no, no, not like that.
sunny savita: Boom.
Dwipal: See, when, you…
sunny savita: Hello?
Dwipal: the next word you have used.
sunny savita: No, no, your voice is not clear. Can you please come again with your question?
Dwipal: on page number 27.
sunny savita: No, no, Deepal, please come again. I lost your voice, actually.
Dwipal: Okay, just a minute.
Dwipal: Hello, hello? I'm audible now?
sunny savita: You're now audible.
Dwipal: So, while training data, I was saying,
Dwipal: We first convert our text to, vectors.
Dwipal: Using SIBO meter.
sunny savita: No, sir.
sunny savita: what we do? First, basically, we convert our data into the vocabulary, we generate the one-hot encoded vector, we prepare the context and the target. That context and target, we feed to the model, that's it. To the training.
Dwipal: Right. Right. So we generate the vectors at the end.
Dwipal: Using previous… And next door, I guess.
sunny savita: No, not a previous word, sir, not a previous word.
sunny savita: We have a context. That context is not a sequence, actually.
Dwipal: using Windows.
sunny savita: It is a window size, correct.
Dwipal: Goodbye.
Dwipal: So… Let's say, matlab mera kay nahi, ki sane word sakar dohaimata hai.
Dwipal: So, those are, vectors, create own gamma requests.
sunny savita: agar sentence with dobar leka hai, tohan, context target banana, to do bar aajay ko usmek kya dicht.
Dwipal: 2… model. Api.
sunny savita: Both easier so much na? Just say, let's say, Miripas sabi kuchubhilikhame.
sunny savita: Sunilika.
sunny savita: Take care.
sunny savita: Sunny, no, ML.
sunny savita: Sunny… no? AI. Take a YMX, andhwa bara.
sunny savita: A vocabulary jo banega, vocabulary kasa banega, bata yeh.
sunny savita: That's a sunny hogya.
sunny savita: No, yeah.
sunny savita: I'm a little girl.
sunny savita: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Dwipal: Right.
sunny savita: banay ka bata yeh.
sunny savita: Saluya Bungar.
Dwipal: One minute.
sunny savita: We'll…
Dwipal: It will be digital.
sunny savita: data banana hai. Context banana hai.
sunny savita: What target? Abhoke sebonega?
sunny savita: Let's say chalomaine, doh eke ka, wo lilya, window size lilya, toh e kedar hogya, akedar hogya. So, no mira target,
sunny savita: To Sunny ML yoga.
sunny savita: Abi, mira ML hai.
sunny savita: So, no ogea.
sunny savita: Abhi maloid arseni hai.
sunny savita: So, ML hoge or no hoge
sunny savita: Or let's say, mira, ap either know hai.
sunny savita: So, sunny hogia.
sunny savita: or AI yoga.
sunny savita: Toh ye mira data bang ya. Abi aapko kaya karnai, is data ako feed karna hai. Anna, ya fir, is data ako feed karnai model mein. Toh kya kar ogehimera hai, doho word hai, toh mat lab, y mira ik word gay, paralleli.
sunny savita: char dimension hai.
sunny savita: ye jalaga.
sunny savita: Abhismika Hoga Yeoga 1.
sunny savita: 0, 0, 0. Abih ye tusra wala vector bichala jayiga, saath mein iske parlili. ML wala bhi waisdo.
sunny savita: Deku.
sunny savita: Yahaba Yoga, ya oga. Zero, zero.
sunny savita: 0010. Abih mal lo ko ye kesa context sa aja, ya ape. Yes ma don't mein sani hai.
sunny savita: no wale ke hai.
sunny savita: Boulder, no, sunny, sunny.
Dwipal: Meh bodhata, ki target me agar 2 bar sunny ate. Doh lines mein.
sunny savita: targeted banarai, no?
Dwipal: Right, for, let's say, Sunil, Lamar.
sunny savita: Aga do bar agi mal logariskip gram karne, aaph dobar ragi, a fur kya karingi, dobar predict karding aapko abi batay eta nahi wala.
sunny savita: That's all.
sunny savita: skip gram ka, just a second.
sunny savita: Yeah, actually, those are the notes there.
sunny savita: dobar o jayiga.
Dwipal: Ticket. Okay.
sunny savita: Awesome.
Dwipal: Huh, eki.
sunny savita: leg.
sunny savita: cheater.
sunny savita: Big…
Dwipal: Science?
sunny savita: vector toher P.
Dwipal: dimensions.
sunny savita: Vector too, actually.
Dwipal: You're right, but, some context to all agarina do no ka.
Dwipal: Different, different locations per QK.
sunny savita: asaha hai.
sunny savita: Oi.
Dwipal: Hmm.
sunny savita: average meaning ni kal legowska, asa.
sunny savita: Toh woko yek beachka meaning dhuleleta hai. Like, saithetic vector hijand karega woh, asa.
Dwipal: Okay.
sunny savita: practical deku-ap, either.
sunny savita: A more similar doula, Sunny.
sunny savita: To sainare.
sunny savita: windi with us. Weather Wale terms are hai.
sunny savita: Right? Chasani is context mein bikina kay miladais may be mild hai. Toh wo a similar duloga aapko melayga, asakar ki.
Dwipal: Okay, okay, okay.
sunny savita: Okay.
Dwipal: And, another question is,
Dwipal: What is the difference between embedding and encoding? Actually, it's my first class, so…
sunny savita: Embedding me kya, sir, embedding me kum neural network sa learn.
Dwipal: Right.
sunny savita: Encoding mein ke a hotay, count curve baz bat ka, mat lab ek, static ni bolunga, matla vek sa counting process hai, matla vek bot manual process hai wo, mata automated nahi a woh, learning model ki through nahi aura, koi bh training involved nahi dar.
sunny savita: Right? The way I'm quoting it.
sunny savita: Or embedding humne kisco bold dia, embedding is ko bold idea, joking, models are train okay ati hai. Numbers. What embedding kelate.
Dwipal: Okay.
sunny savita: Okay.
Dwipal: Take care. Thank you.
sunny savita: Okay, thank you, sir, bye. Okay.
sunny savita: Okay, guys, so we'll close the session now. Thank you, bye-bye, take care. I'll see you in the next class.